Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: As the noise of the battle echoes above the Sancho SIS hitting flash the crack of the rope ladder leaping and lunging at its enemies, the snarls of selfish creatures, a man and dirty torn robe coaches among the empty barrels of this basement store.
Timothy Sackton: With the Center of blood and image flashes through his mind leaving over a dead body tearing up at flash.
Timothy Sackton: Is briefly overcome imagining leaping up letting the wild strength rush over his body reveling in the power as his hands grow to claws his teeth, the fangs.
Timothy Sackton: But, like so many times before he pushes the desire away muttering a soft prayer to G volley to keep them safe to keep them in control.
Timothy Sackton: He thinks of the nightmare has life has become, in the past month, not daring yet to hope is unexpected rescuers may yet succeed winning not just the battle above but finding a cure for his curse.
Timothy Sackton: A month ago, he was riding high on the joy of discovery after hot out and cover letters from commander ilya and a map.
Timothy Sackton: Here, with a chance to do some real exploring to uncover the mysteries that surrounded the fraternity of the empty moon the gods are great and with lead him to knowledge, surely.
Timothy Sackton: Of course he rushed off with harder to explore stopping only to ask the old veterans that are shown as if they knew anything more who could wait when the thrill of discovery was right there.
Timothy Sackton: Getting to the old, for it was easy following the map little was last just two of the four corner towers and a great dash in the earth.
Timothy Sackton: Yet strangely that gosh could not be approached not without a Gray fog and confusion and developing his spots till he found himself wandering far away confused and disoriented.
Timothy Sackton: If only he had hot, I have not had a long conversation right there about the map what might be missing what more they could maybe find the archives, that would reveal the secrets of why the.
Timothy Sackton: Instructions written on this map did not seem to work for one of the beasts must have been listening perhaps hidden in the Tower ruins.
Timothy Sackton: Then the terror of the attack just flashes dance to the man's memory waking to a silent wolf human hybrid as its jaws closed around his arm passing out waking briefly to see Doc one of the dwarf kids dead and bleeding in the hall then fainting to bless it darkness.
Timothy Sackton: Then coming to consciousness in an underground style strangely let.
Timothy Sackton: Though all color is bleach from the world.
Timothy Sackton: A blur of pain and blood loss, the only the grace of the gods keeping him saying.
Timothy Sackton: constantly being asked what's missing what's, how do we get into the gosh itself.
Timothy Sackton: A sense of urgency.
Timothy Sackton: Then silence, leaving him alone, no food little water, the big guard keeps poking him and laughing soon you'll get all the food you want, and once you taste flesh, there is no going back.
Timothy Sackton: Then just blackness a day more hard to know until he wakes back in this sal the nod bones of hot a string around.
Timothy Sackton: If he knew the secret to the map the clue that must be missing, he would tell them he already suggested magic perhaps invisible ink.
Timothy Sackton: It gets harder to resist the blackness he knows it's creeping across his soul.
Timothy Sackton: he's not sure he can survive another night of the full moon, and certainly not to he praised constantly to the gods he does not know if they can hear him in this dark place.
Timothy Sackton: Until those strangers appeared blowing in a magical light slaughtering his captors that done Mari man Kansas in possessive and inner light.
Timothy Sackton: Like the warm embrace of beach telling him, he was found again of shampoo and telling him, he was protected, maybe, these are the answer to his prayers after all the story spills out of him why hold back when talking to the servants of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: Mind just back to the present is the sounds of battle fade for a moment terror grips him, for he knows not who won.
Timothy Sackton: Then the reassuring clatter of the rope ladder that miraculously came to life the commanded the dwarf tells them he might really be saved and gratitude for G volley for locker.
Timothy Sackton: misha misha Kuhn, for the whole divine family fills his heart he pauses praying silently staying hidden until told otherwise as we drift back to the dining Hall, the dead bodies scattered papers tossed off the table and are for adventure standing catching your breath after the battle.
Timothy Sackton: So you are all standing here.
Timothy Sackton: Looking about.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: Several dead bodies, this is a kitchen there's a table that's been sort of pushed over and a bunch of papers scattered around.
Timothy Sackton: Many of you are wounded, to varying degrees.
Eric Rosenbaum: I investigate my wounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: investigate my wounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually 10 um I kind of knowingly looked down at like my like I thought werewolf bites like on my body, how many do I have again like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you you've been like bitten solidly bitten a couple of times, maybe twice.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I prayed to I prayed to all of my my gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see, like kenza like sit down in the corner and like looking at his wounds and then I start I start praying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The beach my locker and she can.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: everybody else doing.
Mike Sackton: i'll show.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): them to our guide downstairs and see if we got them all come on up.
Mike Sackton: check around to make sure we really killed.
Mike Sackton: Just but there's there's still doors out right like that we haven't gone upstairs yet Is that correct.
Timothy Sackton: You haven't.
Timothy Sackton: gone out it's like there's.
Mike Sackton: A whole stair here in a door here.
Mike Sackton: In this.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: This door is open, you can see through there that there's like what looks like a.
Mike Sackton: Which that this door.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that door is opening because some couple of werewolves came through there.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like a sort of CD looking shoemaker shop, there are some like leather shoes on display in a workbench.
Timothy Sackton: The that out, then there's this outer door is at the moment, closed as well.
Mike Sackton: Does that we to the outside.
Timothy Sackton: That leads to the street yeah.
Mike Sackton: what's upstairs.
Timothy Sackton: upstairs is.
Timothy Sackton: So so Dallas you're gonna go search upstairs.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna.
Mike Sackton: Go yeah.
Mike Sackton: you're gonna go at least walk upstairs.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so there's like a hallway with a bunch of doors and then there's another door all these doors are shot.
Eric Rosenbaum: As as I investigate my wounds i'm also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Casting some killing whatever.
Timothy Sackton: I want to just.
Mike Sackton: quickly i'm not gonna like thoroughly search or anything but I want to just check to make sure that there's nothing.
More werewolves up here.
Timothy Sackton: It sounds quiet make a perception check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will do the same.
Timothy Sackton: Sure i'm and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: ken's Omega.
Timothy Sackton: Just make a wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, hold on I gotta load up.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'll be are you searching around the the first floor the second floor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I also want to make sure the House is clear, so i'll start by going to the front door to the street and blocking it so that no one else can come in and then just start moving systematically opening doors seeing if there's anyone else in here.
Timothy Sackton: um the the front door doesn't have a lock you could you could barricade it probably.
Timothy Sackton: there's a there's like a.
Timothy Sackton: But it's just the door right it doesn't it doesn't have a padlock or anything on that.
bar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Little wisdom check out of wisdom saving throw right, just like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah just this.
Timothy Sackton: Is the same class so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: damn it.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah there's probably.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: I guess there's probably a bar.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: it's not already barred.
Timothy Sackton: No it's not already barred what.
Mike Sackton: it's the middle of the night so.
Timothy Sackton: No like.
Timothy Sackton: Two in the afternoon.
Mike Sackton: Okay i've lost track of time.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: OK um so seeker.
Timothy Sackton: seeker macomb.
Timothy Sackton: I would say, also make a wisdom check.
Timothy Sackton: As you inspect your wounds.
Timothy Sackton: So so down with you don't I mean neither you nor well be here anything it sounds pretty quiet.
Mike Sackton: i'm opening the door like i'm not.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Standing here i'm going to go, I mean maybe we should do this together, but.
Mike Sackton: i'll be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah let's do it together.
Mike Sackton: But let's just there's the door, so I mean again I don't want to take 20 Minutes that they're really search just plants in make sure there's not like a werewolf.
Timothy Sackton: Right yeah these.
Timothy Sackton: These inside these doors, you can see, I mean you can just stick your head through them.
Timothy Sackton: But you can see that there are these are like.
Timothy Sackton: sleeping chambers they're all empty but there's like piles of straws on this, this first one here i'm has a small chest.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the rest just have like.
Timothy Sackton: You know piles of straw with.
Timothy Sackton: You know, blood on the walls and.
Timothy Sackton: racks in the corner and stuff pretty.
Timothy Sackton: pretty minimal, I would say not me clearly people have slept here but there's not a ton of.
Timothy Sackton: stuff around.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to open the chest with mm hmm from 30 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'll come to that in a SEC.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the or sorry seeker and kenza you both are you know, focusing on your wounds i'm trying to.
Timothy Sackton: sort of pay attention to your.
Timothy Sackton: what's happened to you.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: The wounds look unremarkable like seeker, especially like with a sort of intellectual Ben sort of poking at them you don't there's nothing.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it looks like a kind of a shallow bite right it's, not even a bad.
Timothy Sackton: Bad by leave and neither of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: symptomatic like entrepreneur.
Timothy Sackton: yeah neither of you like sort of came out of this with a huge you know badly wounded right.
Timothy Sackton: you're both sort of half hit points right So these are not deep gashes um.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to you know you can bind the wounds and stuff but there's nothing there's not like you know little bits of.
Timothy Sackton: saliva sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Three the wounds or anything kind of obvious that you would notice i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo you do feel that you know your prayers are calming but it's.
Timothy Sackton: At the moment, you're just kind of feeling like you know the adrenaline coming down after an intense fight nothing particularly outs.
Timothy Sackton: So it's mate so okay so.
Timothy Sackton: Guy with his opening chests while be is.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you won't be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, I think i'll um.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll sort of provide coming just gonna keep on searching through the House and in particular i'm looking for like secret doors secret areas secret passages, you know, knowing that the downstairs was set up in such a convoluted way, I wonder if there's any like couldn't storage up here.
Timothy Sackton: going up to the same floor that dealt with is on yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: And before it was there anything at this last room I assume.
Timothy Sackton: Which from the.
Mike Sackton: One on the southern wall here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you haven't you poked you look through there there's like another strong mattress and then.
Timothy Sackton: shield in a spear and then.
Timothy Sackton: Another door, on the other side.
Mike Sackton: i'll go see what's in the chest before walking through the other door.
Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): magic.
Mike Sackton: yeah actually that's a good idea i'm going to take 10 minutes to be able to detect magic before I do anything else.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: pause do that that'll open the chest well.
Mike Sackton: Okay well seeker goes and pokes around at the.
Mike Sackton: Well, well be poked around looking for secret doors i'll do the ritual, to be able to match.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so well be you're just kind of sticking your head in everywhere to get a sense and look for a secret doors yeah um.
Timothy Sackton: And you're spending 10 minutes, so this is about 10 minutes, make it make an investigation check for me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you you don't see anything along this wall, or you sort of stick your head in this other door.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: When you stick your head in this further most this further smos door down here.
Timothy Sackton: This is like the master bedroom windows are boarded up the.
Timothy Sackton: The room is bare except for one wall on which there's like an enormous calendar that has been drawn.
Timothy Sackton: It starts in March of this year and there's 13 dates that are all sort of drawn as large circles, instead of squares.
Timothy Sackton: That days, up to the current day or like painted over with flashes and August 1 is like circled in red.
Mike Sackton: What day is.
Timothy Sackton: Today it's currently it it's July 3 sorry July 2.
Timothy Sackton: While you're in the middle of war as dealt with as your ritual is ending i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A seeker you hear.
Timothy Sackton: like an kenzo actually you hear like a deep thought and well be actually from up here you hear like a couple thuds against the door like somebody testing it.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the front door.
Timothy Sackton: The front door yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a way to see out to the street, from where we are.
Timothy Sackton: You can step into the front room there's there's a there's a window.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or we.
Timothy Sackton: Like set up like a shop.
Timothy Sackton: Right so there's like a little card.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll suggest kenzo that he might peek out front.
Eric Rosenbaum: bravely.
Timothy Sackton: And he.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you are.
Timothy Sackton: stepping into the front room.
Timothy Sackton: you're here a crash.
Timothy Sackton: As um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see here.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is great, because I have a lot of spells let's list.
Timothy Sackton: If you hear a crash.
Timothy Sackton: As a wolf comes bounding through the now broken front window.
Mike Sackton: Well, for a werewolf.
Timothy Sackton: This one is actually looks like a wolf.
Like in will form.
Mike Sackton: But like a regular sized wolf or wake.
Timothy Sackton: up, oh no.
Definitely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh i'm good.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I haven't done performance of creation yet.
Timothy Sackton: mashing through that.
Mike Sackton: isn't that what you used to create the rope.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's that's.
Timothy Sackton: The only made the rope is.
Timothy Sackton: Not the rope.
Timothy Sackton: rope still exists.
Eric Rosenbaum: And is it is awake still for a while.
Timothy Sackton: yeah laughs for an hour right another 20 minutes i'm sweet so as this, and now you can see.
Timothy Sackton: Here, let me just.
Timothy Sackton: hold on a SEC.
Timothy Sackton: How do I delete this.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you can see, you can see here now.
Timothy Sackton: Because this door is open um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh Oh, I see.
Timothy Sackton: Let me get rid of that door.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm back here was my ladder friend.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and as this as this wolf like bounce through the.
Timothy Sackton: window, you can it looks like it looks like they've been running and you can see.
Timothy Sackton: A woman now also climbing through the window from behind them.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I need you all, are all initiative.
Timothy Sackton: sorry that didn't get the right.
Eric Rosenbaum: 1.1.
Eric Rosenbaum: You got five.
Timothy Sackton: cans out.
Timothy Sackton: man.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I.
Timothy Sackton: Initiative thing I have automatically walls, for some reason and and secret got a 13.
Timothy Sackton: Down with God 17 okay so.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I pull up some stats here.
Timothy Sackton: that's wolf creature dashes through the window i'm seems to be howling it almost seems like it's running from something.
Timothy Sackton: um and it's going to run.
Mike Sackton: Wait Wolf and the women are two separate things.
Mike Sackton: Yes, and it is well I guess i'm upstairs so I don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh right right.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We.
Mike Sackton: heard the Bank, though right TIM.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you heard the band.
Mike Sackton: So can at least be like on the stairs coming down to investigate where is.
sure.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You do not recognize.
Timothy Sackton: You cannot recognize the woman um the the werewolf and Wolf form is just going to.
Mike Sackton: The stairs come out.
Timothy Sackton: They come out right right.
Mike Sackton: I see.
Timothy Sackton: is just going to make a bite attack at seeker.
Timothy Sackton: is going to be at 92 heads.
Timothy Sackton: So you take eight points of piercing damage and a constitution, save just GM CIG wallets secretly to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's slash.
Timothy Sackton: slash GM rural.
Timothy Sackton: Wendy 20 Plus, whatever your Constitution modifier is.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is my currency.
Timothy Sackton: it's plus two so Wendy 20 plus two.
Timothy Sackton: Okay that's going to end the.
Timothy Sackton: there's this wealth turn down with your up.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Where do I so.
Mike Sackton: Can I.
Mike Sackton: get to combat range.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's like 20 movement.
Mike Sackton: Fine, I will just come down, and I will attack it.
Mike Sackton: I will attack it twice with my long sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we recognize recognize the Lord.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: I see my 21 hits yep.
Mike Sackton: So that's 10 damage.
Mike Sackton: there's a there's a 19 hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah well sorry.
Mike Sackton: Oh it's the same damage i'm wrong the wrong thing it's not actually a longbow it's one side.
Mike Sackton: Okay 11 damage.
Mike Sackton: OK, and then i'm going to use my bonus action to use a charge from my.
Mike Sackton: Bring of displacement.
Mike Sackton: So I have disadvantage, but it has this adventure to hit me until that next turn.
Mike Sackton: Oh, my gosh.
Timothy Sackton: Come.
Timothy Sackton: That brings us to seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I try to get the rope ladder thing in front of me is, as I forget how commanding it works is that an action or in a bonus.
Timothy Sackton: it's a bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay i'm just gonna like runaway to try to get back to the corner of the room I can't do any other action if I want to like run away and disengage.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to disengage that's your action, but you.
Timothy Sackton: can still use a bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: disengage.
Eric Rosenbaum: run back here.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell the rope ladder to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like attack, with the aim of grappling.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So make your attack well for the rope ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forget how that works.
Timothy Sackton: it's just your spell attacks.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: I recall the rope ladder was fairly wounded, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: grade.
Timothy Sackton: grade.
12.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that hit, so the RSI it needs to make a strength jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also non binary rope ladder.
that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A male rope ladder tune.
Eric Rosenbaum: isn't that a lot of genitalium on it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah fair enough.
Timothy Sackton: It has grappled it now has a speedo zero.
Timothy Sackton: Well, being Europe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will take oh actually first i'll say telepathically to della hey is this thing magical holding up the short sword that I took off the.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, I assume, so but I didn't want to use it, it wasn't OK, then i'll take careful aim and attack with that.
Timothy Sackton: I got.
Timothy Sackton: Bad hats.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it's gonna be 18 plus if there's any other.
Timothy Sackton: Damage Jeff room I got it.
Timothy Sackton: I got Canada Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alrighty I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess w over here boom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah just.
Mike Sackton: punch it to death.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I shall I shall punch it many times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's gonna hit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hopefully.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: nine is knocking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then, my third attack.
Timothy Sackton: That will just hit yes.
All right.
Mike Sackton: grapple doesn't give us advantage you.
Timothy Sackton: know just means the speed of zero.
Timothy Sackton: With Kansas final hit you just catch this Wolf and it collapse it like shutters on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: i'm the woman now.
Timothy Sackton: starts to shift her.
Timothy Sackton: Her.
Timothy Sackton: fangs growing long.
Timothy Sackton: As she rushes forward.
Timothy Sackton: Looking looking for a moment around what's happening is going to now step.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: step here.
Timothy Sackton: take out a.
Timothy Sackton: she's got a short sword she's sort of pulling out as chefs she's gonna swing it you well being.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: has gone through hats with this short sword, I know that i'm going to launch down and fight it year the bite as a 51 does that hat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'm gonna i'm Kenny dodge the short sword.
Timothy Sackton: Again, the shorts are nine.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The half and the bite does 10 so that's a total of 14 damage and then she has going to bonus action disengage.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Actually.
Timothy Sackton: Know she's gonna stay here she's looking over shoulder at something and as.
Timothy Sackton: Good as her turn ends, you see a another werewolf leap through.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The window, followed by two dwarves the fun.
Timothy Sackton: One is a.
Eric Rosenbaum: is great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is happening.
Timothy Sackton: One is um one is a.
Timothy Sackton: Short shorter dwarf i'm with red hair Kang a giant mall like running.
Timothy Sackton: chasing this this werewolf and is going to run and take a like a massive thing with this huge two handed mall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going through the heads.
Timothy Sackton: And she is going to she's wearing plate Armor she's got this giant mall is just going to smash this werewolf.
Timothy Sackton: For.
Timothy Sackton: 11 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: And the second.
Timothy Sackton: Dwyer dwarf coupons through you recognize.
Timothy Sackton: hey do you want to describe what that looks like.
kate: This man is wearing her sturdy heavy played Armor and she has her hair tied back ready for action and.
kate: she's looking around to see if all of you are intact she's been looking for you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can you can attack now.
kate: I can attack yep.
kate: All right, good.
Timothy Sackton: I will there's one dead well we're open to non dead werewolves.
kate: I will will shatter Am I close enough to add any of they did they just resting right ahead of us so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they just rushing right ahead.
kate: In melee all right i'm gonna.
kate: Attack with shatter storm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
remember how this works.
Timothy Sackton: i'm down with your next.
Timothy Sackton: A 10 Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Sadly.
Mike Sackton: I will just drop over one and.
Mike Sackton: Five feet of their clothes.
yep.
let's see.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'm going to take one i'm going to cast green flame blade so agree flame split springs up along my along my blade.
Mike Sackton: And I swing at.
Mike Sackton: The werewolf.
Timothy Sackton: is going to mess.
well.
Timothy Sackton: When a section that's it.
Mike Sackton: And nothing to do with bonus action.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: Oh actions that I can pick watch them you.
Mike Sackton: know.
Mike Sackton: I have used every possible thing that I.
Timothy Sackton: got a seeker Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: was just looking at, to see if there's a range, are you.
Timothy Sackton: still do have Armor of agatha is up for another.
Timothy Sackton: It out 30 minutes.
Mike Sackton: I have for hip points left dumped it points.
Timothy Sackton: Schwartz, by the way, you need to GM roll your cost savings are to me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Remember code to the.
Timothy Sackton: Time type slash GM role.
Timothy Sackton: When the 20 Plus, whatever your Kaunas.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hey can I use, I believe that I still have renick inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, you can use that.
Timothy Sackton: Night that's right they do.
Timothy Sackton: It call wow you also get.
Timothy Sackton: You also got.
Timothy Sackton: Seven temporary hit points.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that new.
Timothy Sackton: We rarely use it.
Timothy Sackton: On you barely use it on saying.
Timothy Sackton: it's based on stage, you get temporary hit points.
cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm sorry i'm just trying to figure out what to do, because I don't have a lot of.
Eric Rosenbaum: slots or anything come.
Mike Sackton: back and wet rosewood and her friend killed them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I do so I can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's called inspiration as a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: If you have any left yep.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: nope I don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah there's not much for me to do i'm going to fire my crossbow into the melee.
Eric Rosenbaum: Marguerite.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh you're right.
Mike Sackton: That was effective last time.
Mike Sackton: You vicious mockery one of them to death.
Timothy Sackton: I believe them don't you, you still have a.
Timothy Sackton: Second level spouse lot you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have a single second level spell slot.
Mike Sackton: Wait is this one still holding a short sword.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yep it is.
Mike Sackton: eat metal.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the range on that 60 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can just stay where I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah cast heat metal, on the one with the short sword.
Timothy Sackton: Which is which one Okay, this one right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: front one nice that's perfect okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay 11 points fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: And Constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: She hold on.
Timothy Sackton: The sword gets hot and she just cast it aside.
Timothy Sackton: hmm she doesn't want to hold on to a burning sword enter her claws grow longer.
Timothy Sackton: Actually prepares to attack with her claws instead of her weapon, but she does take 11 points of damage okay well i'll be your out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): really good to see you.
Timothy Sackton: The ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh it's the latter soon, thank you, Tim.
Mike Sackton: It can fly all over us right.
Eric Rosenbaum: pick the ladder ladder can get in the.
Timothy Sackton: door it's gonna be difficult terrain, because this isn't a very nice, but it can fly yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a rope ladder it, it can just go right up to the ceiling.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm only three feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: that's true.
Timothy Sackton: I would say yeah that's fair enough, it can fly over cost you an extra five feet of movement to fly up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay it's kind of like a movement.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just going to do, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: A sweat sweat type attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: at the front guy.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: All.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: Can you control, I think I said, is that you can move the ladder, can you move the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it'll be down here basically.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So just that's just the standard for some powered slam so just go to if you scroll down on your.
Mike Sackton: back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that messes sorry.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay kenzo your APP.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Already.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry welby.
Timothy Sackton: Then cancer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will attack with the short sword.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just miss well well i'm taking disengage as a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): moving back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay yep.
Timothy Sackton: That ends your turn Okay, it is going to.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I read it into the wall there.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: gap here.
Timothy Sackton: And it will attack.
Timothy Sackton: It will make a claw a bite attack.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: 26 to head.
Timothy Sackton: Against down with.
Mike Sackton: battle hit it takes 20 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Wait hold on hold on wait, I might have a charge hold on to have a charge left and chatter where do you live, I charged left and shatter.
Timothy Sackton: Okay that's a deck save.
Mike Sackton: X 15 yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay files and stacks not happy about this.
Mike Sackton: Six only six points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: I got it, but you take six points of damage from the bite and Constitution saving throw.
Mike Sackton: Finally, got rid of my templates so sad.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: BONUS action as dawn to grab some like reach into a pouch and like sprinkle some dust over its head and it turns invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: With the werewolf turn invisible.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: anything further away.
Timothy Sackton: Somewhere and you can still hear it it's not hidden.
Mike Sackton: cannot move anywhere.
Mike Sackton: there's a wall between i'm standing in the doorway it.
Mike Sackton: isn't that isn't there a wall it's hard to see but.
Timothy Sackton: there's a walk and move diagonally.
Timothy Sackton: Past to do.
Mike Sackton: That through a wall.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you have done move diagonally through walls.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: and the rest of the rest of us move through me, though, because we're allies.
Mike Sackton: I would like to not well, I mean fair enough baby, it could get by but that seems like a tight squeeze for a guy with a sword.
Timothy Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: drop the sword in it.
Mike Sackton: No, no, I have.
Mike Sackton: I have.
Mike Sackton: Not tried me i'm trying to not let it go through right like.
Timothy Sackton: It is now invisible.
Timothy Sackton: I will say if it was not invisible you could block at.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This opportunity.
that's invisible.
Mike Sackton: Okay, maybe that wall is not as big as.
Timothy Sackton: I mean these walls are all.
Timothy Sackton: The map is the walls are all much tighter against the grid than they're supposed to be, because I, because i'm you know, working with limitations here right.
Timothy Sackton: it's supposed to be just like a short.
Timothy Sackton: like an.
Timothy Sackton: Extension right.
Mike Sackton: I like point is dealt with is trying to block the doorway, especially if he turns it.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I hear you.
Mike Sackton: And isn't it like a wolf i've been okay.
Mike Sackton: Can I grab it when it goes by.
Mike Sackton: Can I make an opportunity attack.
Timothy Sackton: Because it so whenever you.
Timothy Sackton: You can't make opportunity attacks against things you can't see.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Timothy Sackton: speaker you see that the papers seem to be.
Timothy Sackton: Ah disappearing.
Timothy Sackton: That were scattered around.
Eric Rosenbaum: disappear oh man.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this dwarf is going to step into the room and take her giant mall and wham it on the head of actually before she does that um she like pauses for a moment and concentrates.
Timothy Sackton: And then, like two massive mall strikes come flying down.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage.
Timothy Sackton: So that one hit.
Timothy Sackton: That one hats.
Timothy Sackton: So the 60 plus.
Timothy Sackton: 1026 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: I know that is now resins turn as this werewolf looks stuns slightly by the two giant mall strikes that smashed on to its head.
kate: alright.
kate: I will.
kate: attack.
kate: With shatter storm again and.
kate: If i'm going to use booming blade do I have to hit that when i'm attacking are just hit the attack action.
Timothy Sackton: Just the attack.
Timothy Sackton: But then you do the extra damage.
Timothy Sackton: That that's.
Timothy Sackton: So do that plus an extra 28 damage.
Does that sound.
Timothy Sackton: Right, but now rolling extra Wendy damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, with that's eight so with that.
Timothy Sackton: With that strike resin like slams down on the.
Timothy Sackton: Wolf with shatter storm and then this like funders energy kind of rumbles through it as the second werewolf dies.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it is now the top of the round.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Show he's taking papers.
Mike Sackton: 1234.
Mike Sackton: attack that Square.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, she's not hitting your disadvantage on your attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking, I could.
Eric Rosenbaum: make a game.
Eric Rosenbaum: to lock the world into that room.
Timothy Sackton: So net so hits.
The wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: But now bill is in there with me so it's going to be complicated.
Mike Sackton: crap damage six damage and then my other.
Mike Sackton: attack a.
19 and then what's the other.
Timothy Sackton: 1414 messages.
Mike Sackton: That was six more damage yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): they'd become invisible, one thing that you're visible or not.
Mike Sackton: Only if they attack oh if they attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): she's box them in.
Mike Sackton: yeah box summit mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can make a giant like metal gate appear in this room, which only has the one exit.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I need to run out of the room first and also dealt with is in the room.
Mike Sackton: that's okay.
Mike Sackton: it's got to be almost dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: See you see, I can lock the thing in there, because we don't want it to escape with those papers so i'm going to run over here.
Mike Sackton: You can walk telephone with a crazy werewolf the worst that happens, like turn into a werewolf and kill you all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which is probably going to happen anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I like pull deal with like just five feet, along with me as I try to go out of the room and say like oh i'm gonna make a gate and luqman.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: Now I honestly rather not get the attack of opportunity on it, I mean I have moved to step away I turn but then it's gonna be able to attack me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welcome to.
Mike Sackton: just talk gets fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, I use performance of creation.
Eric Rosenbaum: To create a.
Eric Rosenbaum: friendly meshed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Steel gate that flows, the entirety Florida ceiling wall to wall of the entrance to this room.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks man our medium.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I didn't mean to be as large right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Starting at little.
Timothy Sackton: No you're right six level it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's large.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah so it can be two.
Timothy Sackton: feet yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's I can't like anchor it into this stone, probably, so it will just fall over but i'll maybe i'll.
Mike Sackton: Wait wait hold on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to use my seat at the bottom.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's right, it can have stands, so it will just tip over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It goes, all the way up to the roof and there's feet at the roof.
Eric Rosenbaum: This yet mm hmm it's got stabilizers that totally on all sides yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really robust the.
Eric Rosenbaum: gate system.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Make it with bars, though, so I can shoot through.
Eric Rosenbaum: With bars.
Mike Sackton: Vertical bar and I am using my last ring of displacement charge.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So it hasn't yesterday.
Mike Sackton: which cancels out is is bad.
Mike Sackton: Right at least it has.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, here's the gate appearing.
Timothy Sackton: Nice okay so that's your action furnace action ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ladder can go right through actually move.
Timothy Sackton: it's like 6060 feet that can definitely get there.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the ladder shoots.
Through.
Eric Rosenbaum: sideways in midair.
Eric Rosenbaum: wiring like a fighter jet through the gate and it's going to attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Look, if we can grapple it maybe we can see where it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well yeah I mean you hit.
Timothy Sackton: it's not trying to hide at the moment you just have disadvantage on everything.
Mike Sackton: Like, we can see it moving, you can see it moving papers.
Timothy Sackton: You can see like the papers like.
Timothy Sackton: Gathering and then vanished.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, in another life this rope ladder was a clothesline.
Timothy Sackton: yeah just.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's gonna clothesline the world.
Mike Sackton: Just just try and kill it don't screw up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay it's doing an attack yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: A clothesline with disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what do I click on.
Timothy Sackton: Just your spell it it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: The spell check again.
Timothy Sackton: spell attack.
Timothy Sackton: And dad with disadvantaged so role that far.
Timothy Sackton: As so it knows.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: let's say well be Europe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will take steady aim template cancel a disadvantage in generic.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Mike Sackton: Can you make it flame.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I use that all.
Timothy Sackton: These dollars charges already.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But that's like.
Timothy Sackton: You get sneak attack.
Timothy Sackton: Because now with his with the latter, I within five feet of fat.
Timothy Sackton: It is going to use uncanny dodge to reduce that damage to half.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh it's.
Timothy Sackton: So that's what 24 that's 11.
Mike Sackton: Yes, my dad.
Timothy Sackton: Has not dad.
Mike Sackton: doesn't look hurt now I can't see it.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see kenza Europe.
Timothy Sackton: You cannot get through the gate you do have 50 planner power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you build on that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I know that's only that's a creature, you can see, you can't you can't turn it on seeing creatures with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: move like right here, and then see him.
Timothy Sackton: Now, because he's invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what fucking I did see.
Timothy Sackton: Not a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll say oh I can't assign them either.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the strategy here guys.
Timothy Sackton: You can always dodge.
Mike Sackton: To get you anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he's the one that customers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can see him, though right.
Mike Sackton: You can't it's not a spell attack.
Mike Sackton: spell attacks, you can target it visible creatures can't you.
Timothy Sackton: don't know that yeah you don't need to be able to see that you can use the one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll use a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is an arrow it is.
Mike Sackton: I mean you stop disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: You stop disadvantage, you have to roll.
Timothy Sackton: ashes you mess.
nope.
Timothy Sackton: nope oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: It has now seemed to.
Timothy Sackton: Finish gathering the papers.
know.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But seems to not backed.
Timothy Sackton: into a corner here.
Timothy Sackton: It is going to move here and attack doll with.
Timothy Sackton: With its claws.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, no it's not.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, it can it can do that um.
Timothy Sackton: It is invisible, so it gets the advantage.
Mike Sackton: does not have adventures, though cuz I.
Mike Sackton: don't know like bring.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I rolled the natural 20 with my first role.
Timothy Sackton: This is gonna be bad for you.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you take.
Timothy Sackton: 20 you take 30 points of damage.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: And then it is going to.
Timothy Sackton: wellness action use an item and toss a.
Timothy Sackton: That turns visible now.
Timothy Sackton: When you see this like glass vial come flying out and shatter on the ground, right here and I need.
Timothy Sackton: will be.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo and seeker to make dexterity saving throws as a vial lands on the ground and then burst into flame and a huge explosion.
or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is this guy this.
Timothy Sackton: Is the trap master his workshop you searched downstairs.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be let's say 14.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: That DC was 15.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no.
Timothy Sackton: Doubt well be you failed, but you have a vision, so you take six points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: kenza you succeed, and you have evasions you take zero points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: seeker you succeed, so you take six points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end her turn.
Timothy Sackton: let's see this just going to look over it resin.
Timothy Sackton: be like what should we do she doesn't have much to do, but children.
Timothy Sackton: To there and actually to run to there and she'll grab a hand that's just her out it's not going to do anything it's not going to waste and backs.
Timothy Sackton: And she has nothing to do she's just going to move up to here and like dodge like stand at the ready it's.
kate: Still intact, or to the exclusion destroy it.
Timothy Sackton: know the explosion was just here within five.
Timothy Sackton: So the gate is not is still intact, but you can of course cast spells to the gate because she's.
kate: Yes, no, I was planning to I just was worried about the.
kate: werewolf escaping before I.
Timothy Sackton: it's your turn.
kate: Oh so it's my turn this trip didn't have anything to do.
Timothy Sackton: she's just going to dodge.
kate: All right, I am going to cast um.
kate: Oh Casta.
kate: I can see it now right yep.
kate: So cascading bowl.
kate: third level spelling just get this list.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that josh tats crazy is 16.
Timothy Sackton: Roll your damage.
Timothy Sackton: If you just click on the yeah.
Timothy Sackton: 18 points of radiant damage is not quite enough, but now you can see she's like panting and like leaning over definitely looking pretty badly hurt at this point kind of looking around a bit and despair at the.
Timothy Sackton: dead bodies around.
Timothy Sackton: Now kind of looking for an exit but probably not going to survive till her turn.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your up.
alright.
Mike Sackton: I will attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: bonuses.
Mike Sackton: But i've advanced ID for guiding bolt.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, do you.
Timothy Sackton: know now you have to have.
Mike Sackton: It all the two again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brutal.
Mike Sackton: I wrote to choose in a wad.
Brutal.
Mike Sackton: I thought okay.
I don't.
Mike Sackton: Do I have advantage on my second attack.
Timothy Sackton: No it's just the first attack seeker you're up.
um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: send a very harshly written critique.
Eric Rosenbaum: The pathetic singeing and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dirty nails.
Eric Rosenbaum: That this creature has been using to attempt to harm us.
Eric Rosenbaum: With vicious mockery.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make the face and nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: Come on ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ladder will once again heroically dive straight for the werewolf.
Timothy Sackton: That had.
Timothy Sackton: That had so windy 10 plus.
three.
Timothy Sackton: she's got 12 points left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Real mvp.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite enough so.
Timothy Sackton: Close so close.
Timothy Sackton: While you're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Studying.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that error takes her out.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: The last possibly last three were offs fault that again as you now look around at the like sort of destroyed front of this building i'm looking out into the street, you can see, this is kind of a pretty.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like a pretty rundown neighborhood um.
Timothy Sackton: This is in the northern part of the time there's like squatters and refugees, like clearly this.
Timothy Sackton: This area of town is sort of old and hasn't been well maintained for a while, but it's like enough that you know, probably enough passers by that somebody is probably going to come to look in the next short amount of time.
Timothy Sackton: not like it was very silent, to have three werewolves to crash and to dwarves crash through the window.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you look around.
Eric Rosenbaum: To see you can you can come out now, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: It can.
Mike Sackton: push over the gate.
Timothy Sackton: The gate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did the papers reappear.
Mike Sackton: While they're on her body, I mean we haven't even searched the original body we haven't looked at any.
Timothy Sackton: Are you dead, with a.
Timothy Sackton: Short sword right.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): um let's do a little more quickly, this time, also this one could.
Eric Rosenbaum: agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are you doing your resume.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you for saving our asses.
kate: Well, you know this dre and I.
kate: thought you might need some backup i've been tracking where Wilson, the ticker area for a while and when we heard from the hard stones that you had helped them out.
kate: And were in town, I had to had to track you down so.
kate: I followed the.
kate: magical.
kate: memories and connection to seekers pearl of power with some.
kate: memorable objects, so I was able to track it.
kate: So.
Timothy Sackton: glad you got.
Timothy Sackton: The other dwarf kind of looks over at resin these are these are friends.
kate: Yes, we've we've been in some dark places over some dead bodies before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: first time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strange the true.
Timothy Sackton: To kind of give them.
Timothy Sackton: A slight bow.
Timothy Sackton: And sort of like tips or helmet to you all and fezza tester fire, for your service proprietor of the iron swan noted adventure.
Timothy Sackton: friend of resin.
Eric Rosenbaum: A friend of hers one is a friend of ours good to meet you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So raise money saving hunting werewolves.
kate: I mean we've.
kate: we've been hearing of.
kate: There was a group of wearables I mean merchants that turned into werewolves and attacked our encoder so.
kate: I helped group of dwarves to defeat them and care, though, like in therapy that had started to spread their and on Twitter.
Eric Rosenbaum: cured it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was my my follow up question comes up points to like a series of like werewolf lights on.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can body um I think i'm going to turn into a werewolf probably pretty soon so um any advice would be appreciated.
kate: You know that.
kate: Part of the gods the powerful way to cure, and so.
kate: If anyone is sure that they've got a curse that needs.
kate: Sorry it's a.
kate: If you're sure that you've got a curse that needs removing I need to.
kate: Be sure that we can connect with your.
kate: Life history and have to happen item that ground doing original.
kate: State.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about that.
kate: I can't guarantee anything but.
kate: should be should be the right approach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll take what I can get.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there respond, are there any more you chased these creatures into the building anybody else about, we should make sure we can get somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: secure enough first.
kate: I was focused on finding you, but these three were very suspicious and when they saw us in the neighborhood.
kate: bash their way in here simply followed.
Eric Rosenbaum: What Where were they What were they doing before that it's all very strange.
kate: We were walking on the street, they were walking on the street I don't I wasn't tracking them so.
Timothy Sackton: But they were they were walking on the street in human form and when they saw you they started running and when the door was locked they turned into.
Timothy Sackton: walls and jumped through the window.
Mike Sackton: or Are these the first werewolves you've seen in town.
kate: um.
kate: yeah right yeah i've just heard rumors and that's what led me to be asking the hard students but they knew this because of the rumors that I had heard.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Please take no offense but just as a matter of protocol, have you been bitten and, if so, how long ago.
kate: Oh, be.
Timothy Sackton: When you asked us vista is kind of standing like looking at the plate Armor that she is wearing and the plate Armor that's reasons why I can.
Timothy Sackton: See all would get some better Armor don't know about these friends of you are there is when.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: Things on her chest at all, no teeth is going to get through this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair enough.
Timothy Sackton: I think watch the door.
Timothy Sackton: If you folks don't mind.
Timothy Sackton: Just you know, so no trouble can interrupt whatever business you've got to conduct.
Timothy Sackton: A little bout takes this like giant model that's like basically the size of her which.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with you, while you got hit.
Timothy Sackton: Once you've probably well make a constitution, save for your tech matt.
Mike Sackton: mean I saw her before.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, though it's a giant.
Timothy Sackton: marshes caring is clearly.
Not.
Mike Sackton: terribly I didn't roll with the right plus but I wrote the five i'm not let's i'm gonna try and avoid anything when it's rolled dice for this session.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's gonna turn for you know.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: it's enough to bring it back up right.
Timothy Sackton: You did you didn't notice before your detect magic faded that this giant mall that she's carrying that's nearly the sad part is in fact magical.
Mike Sackton: yeah also she made to malls come out of thin air and pound the where yes.
Timothy Sackton: No, that was.
Mike Sackton: Her Oh, she swung it Okay, I thought she likes summon the ball.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, it was just her, she is her action search.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know normal people don't have a shadow universe, where their weapons come from dealt with.
Mike Sackton: turns out.
Eric Rosenbaum: I actually.
Mike Sackton: create some with magic I didn't realize.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: sure we.
Mike Sackton: Maybe get these.
Mike Sackton: anybody's somewhere and.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps we can see what else is here.
Eric Rosenbaum: We keep put them behind the gate while the gate blasts.
Timothy Sackton: With search eat last for.
Timothy Sackton: Three hours.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean yeah wake up or anything but.
Mike Sackton: I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't know when the time is right for this, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the hell is going on.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like what the Fuck is going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's up that's the wrong time to talk about this, but.
Mike Sackton: Never the wrong time for questions like that kids.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This money.
Mike Sackton: mean you might ask them every 10 minutes, but you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just be a run of the mill werewolf cope, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many we've been fighting for the past like half an hour, how many fucking things that we've killed right now Jesus Christ.
Timothy Sackton: or you've called.
Timothy Sackton: werewolf.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, to be fair, we did find the secret underground entrance to their tunnel out of the city and then sneak in and slaughter them so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, we should quick search place and get out of here like if the city watch or something shows up.
Mike Sackton: that's what i'm thinking is, we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shouldn't leave the city.
Mike Sackton: We should probably tell what's her name.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to go get go here.
Mike Sackton: what's, we should also.
Mike Sackton: not forget about the poor innocent downstairs what's the name of the high priestess person.
Timothy Sackton: i'm kayla.
Mike Sackton: kayla she might want to know that there's 13 dead werewolves in your city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should go record this to her right away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do you let's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: search the House first.
Mike Sackton: person house let's let's search the House and let's take go here with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Especially and.
Mike Sackton: We can.
Mike Sackton: also need the curator his affection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our affliction.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your affliction.
kate: How many afflictions.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're not totally sure, to be honest.
Timothy Sackton: So you've already taken the short sword off of the.
Timothy Sackton: The leader.
Timothy Sackton: Also on.
Timothy Sackton: On his so you're just right now you're just searching the bodies.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean it was your job search upstairs to.
Mike Sackton: find all the papers.
Mike Sackton: I think we should split up as bad as.
Mike Sackton: Some of us go search upstairs other people.
Mike Sackton: down here.
Mike Sackton: But all the bodies behind the gate and then retreat downstairs to pick up go ahead and get in go report this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Timothy Sackton: job here.
Timothy Sackton: So who is searching what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you still have to tech magic conference outcome.
Mike Sackton: 1010 minutes and it'll be back, but.
We want to take the time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As it goes back a pregnant god's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will go upstairs and search the.
rooms.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reminder what's the full a look at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Clearly, had to reprocess again he prayed some gods you got an object you care about and then what we'll do then.
Timothy Sackton: that's basically yet.
kate: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I can't it's not guaranteed to work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did somebody magical need to do that, or can anybody.
kate: Yes, no, I need to cast a spell.
Timothy Sackton: works best if if a priest.
Timothy Sackton: or a spouse right.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: is to fake it, though.
Timothy Sackton: technically possible to fake it if you.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: If you can sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Fake your way to being a priest.
Timothy Sackton: But you need magic you need to have to spell it can't be done without magic.
Mike Sackton: But I think now that we have an actual.
Mike Sackton: priest, it might tell us might retire from the red light through campy profession it felt like it might a stressed out have a scar but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long does this process take resume.
Timothy Sackton: Long.
kate: No, I mean we can do it now and be sure if you're sure that if you're sure that it's needed i'm happy to start the prayers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am so grateful that you are here and praise be schema and makkah and show tune that you have arrived and yes i'm ready.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: i'll search the bodies down here.
Timothy Sackton: So down with certain bodies kenzo and raise when are attempting to cure Kansas presumed like entropy.
Timothy Sackton: from his like 20 like well off bites seeker, what are you doing well i'll be searching upstairs seeker, what are you doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm figuring out, if I can pick up pick up the ladder as it.
Eric Rosenbaum: descends back to its.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah it's just a resting state or you can totally fold it up yet weren't you going to use it as.
Timothy Sackton: When you get your portable whole you're going to use it as a way to descend into the portable.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I packed up the hook letter and then i'll help search around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For the party member, the latter maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what.
Eric Rosenbaum: How news.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ladders trust with the power of the chapter power is the ladder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The ladder should be the world, this should be the designated holder a preceptor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From here on out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sounds good, oh no i'm just flashing to an image of like an army of rope ladder.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): lands killing all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That ladder was, like all furniture.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: furniture.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just converting everything different attitude.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so so anybody who is searching so wait seeker, what are you doing just packing up the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and i'll try to find these documents that were.
Eric Rosenbaum: scattered around here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so seeker everybody who's.
Timothy Sackton: let's say anybody who's searching the bodies, make an investigation check anybody who's searching rooms make perception check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
Timothy Sackton: wow you guys really aren't rolling very wow.
kate: I was paying attention to lay my hands on the seat and kenzo and sayings and prayers What did you send them enroll.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to do anything yet i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good I are.
Timothy Sackton: we're busier doing your prayer thing i'm going to do with the service fun first and i'll come back to the prayers OK so i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A doll with and seeker, you know you're.
Timothy Sackton: A seeker you're able to like you know piece together all of the all of the papers there's like a.
Timothy Sackton: sheaf of notes, you can see there's some calendars it's all in a language you do not read.
Mike Sackton: What does it say.
Timothy Sackton: How are you want to spend reading them.
Mike Sackton: I thought, a glance at like i'm not gonna like try and read everything I just is it like military notes to talk about pandemonium is it.
Timothy Sackton: ways to get in as it is.
Timothy Sackton: So um.
Timothy Sackton: it's seems like mostly.
Timothy Sackton: Like calendar notes it's like.
Timothy Sackton: somebody who really wants to keep track of dates and times.
Timothy Sackton: When we're going to turn later lots of but you do notice that there is one i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Older one one note that's like most of us like relatively recent like paper is just kind of.
loosely.
Timothy Sackton: And then there is one older scroll.
Timothy Sackton: Which is obviously older, as you.
Timothy Sackton: Read gathering everything together i'm written in the same tongue which.
Timothy Sackton: You can read and in its entirety as it's.
Timothy Sackton: loosely translates as when the sixth moon rises in the betray or sky when the deepest echo of madness is nigh in the ancient cave of the mad one soul.
Timothy Sackton: 13 rather and 13 prayers 13 cold iron spheres prepared will bring forth the howl of empty despair and genetics curse will claim the land.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's like a whole bunch of pages of notes that you said all seem to be like i'm like lacuna on this prophecy or whatever it is, but you just kind of glance through if you want to take the time you can read them and more.
Eric Rosenbaum: Later saw 13 spears somewhere didn't we were was that.
Timothy Sackton: downstairs I diagram of 13 spears in the trap masters basement didn't.
Timothy Sackton: There was also the actual.
30 years right.
Timothy Sackton: 13 werewolf.
Mike Sackton: And i'm guessing August 1 maybe is the.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder what would happen if it succeeded in all of this keyboard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we stopped them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is for that hopefully.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Also.
Timothy Sackton: yeah also on the bodies.
Timothy Sackton: So you see on the on the leader, you also find to potions.
Timothy Sackton: You find this the elaborate pendant of platinum and gems and you find a key.
Timothy Sackton: Small key looks like it's to my chest oh.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: On the other bodies.
Timothy Sackton: You don't want to have the other werewolves that you killed.
Timothy Sackton: was carrying.
Timothy Sackton: This sort of.
Timothy Sackton: iron pendant that.
Timothy Sackton: Has like a full moon set within the larger circle connected by jacket lines not nearly as fancy as the leaders one.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's the Chiefs of papers.
Timothy Sackton: So what do you take.
Mike Sackton: Every thing, I think, does the trap master not have anything on her.
Timothy Sackton: The trap master is not just the short service is not magical and her Armor is not carrying anything but you already looted her chest.
Timothy Sackton: In the.
Timothy Sackton: In there like dungeon room before.
Mike Sackton: But did we find it I don't remember what we found.
Timothy Sackton: You found the deck of tarot cards oh actually does have one thing, she has the moon Taro she has one of the tarot cards in her pocket.
Timothy Sackton: The deck that you found made of 10 sheets of every with not complete, and there is.
Timothy Sackton: One Oh, and actually she does also have.
Timothy Sackton: One more of those one more bottle of this like.
Timothy Sackton: swirling oily substance.
Right.
Right that's the only used one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was the visibility.
Mike Sackton: Now that.
Timothy Sackton: explosion and the visibility was dustin she only had one charge.
Mike Sackton: Alright i'm i'm going to bring the key up to welby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have I found anything that if you go in.
Mike Sackton: The chest.
Timothy Sackton: there's a chest, but it is not locked you found the same like um.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's the calendar painted on the wall of the master bedroom.
Timothy Sackton: you've found you know some scattered coins in the.
Timothy Sackton: In the bedrooms.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe like 200 copper pieces and and five gold no silver.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to take that you can add it to your part of treasure.
Timothy Sackton: um.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: The are you opening you open the chest.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This The key to this testers, the key to something else.
Timothy Sackton: A key if there's something else.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The chest contains crossbow bolts a sack with 11 gold and 243 copper pieces.
Timothy Sackton: And like a small like iron sort of dial that seems to be uses used to track the phases of the moon like you said it to a year and a day.
Timothy Sackton: And then it's like this, like mechanism twists and it covers, it has, like all these gears in the back and it twists the cover part of the of the moon in the front that then shows the phase of the moon, on that day.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Timothy Sackton: So, are you taking that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and you're taking the coins.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The gold, but I think not the copper okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're liberating the coins.
Timothy Sackton: kept it against the robot is about all that you find i'm back to resin and kenzo um So what is your.
Timothy Sackton: What is your connection to your life your history that you're using as the focus for this ritual.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um so resin like holds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: his son good Riley can put my hands up.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You know begins to cast the spell and offers up a prayer to the door oven god's the traveler the.
Timothy Sackton: I forget what.
Timothy Sackton: Cast you are but.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: Right um.
Timothy Sackton: And as as you pray to the Gaza and cast a spell make.
Timothy Sackton: make a Bola de 20 and add your wisdom modifier just make a wisdom check so Wendy 20 plus four.
Timothy Sackton: me Brisbane yeah.
Oh.
kate: Is that role, yet.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't see a role, but if you bought something you can just tell me what it was.
kate: It is it to.
Timothy Sackton: Sex total.
kate: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: You so as you cast the spell you um.
Timothy Sackton: It seems.
Timothy Sackton: You definitely feel some.
Timothy Sackton: corrupting presence in kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You you feel.
Timothy Sackton: Like you begin to try and like swirl it away and sort of pull sort of reset him back to before.
Timothy Sackton: You know before he was bitten.
Timothy Sackton: And you're pretty sure it works.
Timothy Sackton: But you didn't you don't have that sort of satisfying like I am certain that he was cured feeling that you've had before.
Timothy Sackton: you're not tried to cure any non dwarfs ever.
kate: What is the.
kate: I mean, what is the fate phase of the moon like how how likely, are you to demonstrate.
Timothy Sackton: Like oh it's a.
Timothy Sackton: full moon.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's yeah it's no yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Now, but you're pretty sure that it worked.
kate: Well what's the story with this some person you keep mentioning.
kate: Our here.
Timothy Sackton: So he go via he is now sort of made his way up and.
kind of looking around.
Timothy Sackton: He is a he has a done Mari he looks like you know badly worn out he's been in prison here for a month.
Timothy Sackton: he's I mean he's he knows he's been cursed by going through be in sort of limping a little bit and just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit like avoiding meeting your eyes just kind of beaten down.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Looking around.
Timothy Sackton: I must unbelieving at the at the dead bodies and everybody here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go here, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're in luck there's somebody here that might be able to help you, with your affliction.
Timothy Sackton: Really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, this is our friend was one grisman this is, I go here one of the archivists INTEGRA.
kate: Ah, the archives, yes, there was an attack they're hurt.
Timothy Sackton: You can help.
Timothy Sackton: Please yes.
kate: Are you from here, do you do you have a strong connection to anything that you're carrying or anything that would be nearby that would help you to remember your your former self.
kate: grounded in here.
Timothy Sackton: No, you tried to convince me that you did, but you have, but you didn't write it down on your equipment cheats so you didn't.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, how.
Timothy Sackton: To correct, yes, we can go back to the archives, I have my notes, I have.
Timothy Sackton: My my run there.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely.
Timothy Sackton: On me know, I was taken there's to not bring anything.
kate: I didn't think that they would have conveniently carried along your possessions, for your comfort.
Timothy Sackton: It may be Maybe you can come back to the archives with us.
Timothy Sackton: With with me.
Timothy Sackton: later.
kate: I can, I think that we, I can make that work.
kate: deed.
kate: be reassured that we will help you.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: To unity oh oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: To use the alchemical kettle to pour everyone some hot tea.
Timothy Sackton: takes to make it back to.
kate: Wherever we're leaving for does anyone need more conventional healing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably most of us, I certainly could.
Mike Sackton: I could use some healing.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mom How does, how do I feel that's because I feel after the ritual.
Timothy Sackton: mega mega wisdom check.
Timothy Sackton: actually feel.
You.
Timothy Sackton: You feel.
Timothy Sackton: You don't feel fine I mean this has been kind of a tough battle and you're playing.
Timothy Sackton: You know, been wounded and and been fighting a lot.
Timothy Sackton: But you feel censored you don't feel like there's anything.
Timothy Sackton: impeding on your sort of awareness of yourself, for your.
Timothy Sackton: soul, or anything like that you feel clear.
Timothy Sackton: Clear so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, but do I feel 100% myself.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you actually it's kind of a strange feeling like you didn't realize it before, but now that you think about it it's like when you were trying to when you were praying before you.
Timothy Sackton: Now that you are are praying now it almost felt like as if you were trying to um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, trying to reach out to lock and and the other gods with.
Timothy Sackton: You know, with a.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a cloth tied around your mouth, or something like muffling you, and it seems.
Timothy Sackton: dawn.
Mike Sackton: Can you use soul site to tell if somebody is affected.
Timothy Sackton: All by yourself.
Timothy Sackton: yeah fulfill yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not.
Timothy Sackton: that's what the wisdom check if it's equivalent to fulfill its but you can't see yourself right but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I disagree, I think that that should be, I think.
Mike Sackton: You should be able to let go why can't why can't you sold yourself.
Timothy Sackton: I have not had a full site works.
kate: in tune with themselves anyway, I think we're fine yeah.
Mike Sackton: I was just thinking, maybe you could check everybody else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah yeah that's a great idea yeah i'd love to sell side everybody did so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Especially now that I like I know the feeling of what's been cursed and, by the way, if I like it a negative covert test after this, this would be like fucking crazy.
This would be like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm tend to do an antigen test after my after the session is here.
Timothy Sackton: In case residents magic is that strong.
kate: helps you out.
there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah can I said, everybody to see to see her baby.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure so in order to fence.
Timothy Sackton: In order to have a chance to detect by Kathy you need to use I key when you stole site to.
Timothy Sackton: Do the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: site into rest probably.
Timothy Sackton: send you currently have used all of your key so you would need to ask before you can do this.
Mike Sackton: Sure, so we have time, I mean you don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pretty spent.
Mike Sackton: it's only two in the afternoon right.
Timothy Sackton: None of us like it is because it's like three now because you've.
Mike Sackton: been.
Timothy Sackton: Doing stuff.
Mike Sackton: We could go back to the archives regroup help go via air.
Mike Sackton: Take a short rest.
Mike Sackton: reach out to the city leadership, they tell them what's going on right.
Mike Sackton: yeah and then you could sell side us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: works.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you get key from the short or long rest short.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sleeve shirt yes sure so 10 minutes long.
Timothy Sackton: As an hour.
Mike Sackton: And we can.
Mike Sackton: Talk while you're short rested I rested.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he.
Mike Sackton: doesn't need sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay okay so we'll go to the archives.
Timothy Sackton: Are we just.
gonna leave.
kate: It right there archives near the entrance one.
Timothy Sackton: Close dish.
Timothy Sackton: I mean toker is not that big a city.
Eric Rosenbaum: walkable.
Mike Sackton: Are we, leaving these 13 dead bodies just waiting in the shop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could burn.
Mike Sackton: You don't want yeah starting a.
Mike Sackton: fire in the middle of the city seems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe one of us probably me I can go make the formal report to the city and the rest of us stay here with the bodies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we leave some random towns person could walk in here and just see a horror show feels like at least one of us should maybe stay here until some authorities have been alerted.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about resumes friend.
kate: I say we should ask her what she thinks we should do in terms of progress authorities.
kate: Have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah when.
Mike Sackton: She from is she from here, from.
Mike Sackton: don told her.
kate: If she she runs she runs the doors in here that the is one.
Mike Sackton: question I.
Mike Sackton: spent much time, but the door vinny.
So we get recognized.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry, what are you doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We just asked was traveling what she thinks we should do.
kate: Or we tell her that we're going to tell who's the priestess person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kayla.
kate: kayla we tell her we were thinking of just notifying kalo and asking her to advice.
kate: and
Timothy Sackton: HALO is kilo is john's.
Timothy Sackton: Marwan character, I always mix these up it's Calais, is that.
Timothy Sackton: I made up my name first.
kate: So.
kate: let's get history in here or go out to her and say we're going to tell callahan Is there anyone else that we should bring into dealing with this mess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah what what's the proper protocol interview interview.
Timothy Sackton: huh wow yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there's not really a protocol for how you report a den of werewolves in your city.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I TELCO.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Probably a.
Timothy Sackton: there's a big army camp just north of here i'd probably tell them to, to be honest.
Timothy Sackton: We have a history, and I think.
Timothy Sackton: Is the commander's name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alien.
Mike Sackton: he'll be throughout the CS.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To the St the speaker first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far away, Tim is the is like the building where the.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're sort of at the northern end of towns, but but toker is not big it's probably less than half a mile to the Center of town from here and that Center of town is like the Plaza where there's like the archive.
Mike Sackton: For right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How why don't um, why does why don't I go with I could just go by myself, but also, perhaps with what's the name of it and keep rockin this.
semester.
Timothy Sackton: Fire forge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could go with this truck since we've got some are they at least have some more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go report this everybody hangs out here and rests get the authorities here before we make we.
kate: Are we getting the rest here, or we can rest in like lodgings near the archives or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You shouldn't do that, but I think we can't leave this room, this this wearable then by itself with nobody here.
kate: And so now we'll definitely have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To get alerted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How does that sound.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any objections or suggestions on a superior plan.
kate: I mean, two of you could stay here one of you could come with me and.
kate: Mr traffic and Mari guy.
Timothy Sackton: Go here.
kate: go there.
kate: I don't know if we need to all of us to stay here.
Mike Sackton: Getting over your back to the archive doesn't seem seems worthwhile.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How about this i'll go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alert the authorities.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somebody you want to bring over your back to the archives and rest there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Once I bring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whomever here to.
Mike Sackton: well.
Mike Sackton: we'll reassess it the archives let.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me check out the archives yeah sounds good.
kate: sounds good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'd like to take another crack looking to this House we've got a key in the lock.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is really bugs me that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we've got a kin no luck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't you keep looking actually want to rest here, for now, or I can also make sure it all about werewolves before I head out.
kate: drew.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some can be extra rest here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean i'll take an hour, but you can definitely start rest here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sure.
Mike Sackton: well.
Mike Sackton: I mean well, but you don't get much back from a short rest rate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm about halfway point so i'm not God awful.
Mike Sackton: i'm just gonna kill us right Chris when.
kate: I well I, and then I heard, we were going to do a lot of resting, and so I wanted to see if there is anybody who could like make it too long roster who wouldn't be restored by a long rest.
Mike Sackton: um I could just use it, I mean if if you want to save your spouse i'm happy I don't think we need.
kate: i'm happy to cast a spell on one or two people, I just want to do like five.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could use some healing.
Mike Sackton: I could to i'm what below half.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, Tim.
kate: Okay, you too, then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
kate: So.
Mike Sackton: But how are you well be since i'm sure resting I could use hit dice so.
Mike Sackton: i'm going instead if you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm slightly blue half I take you this.
Mike Sackton: yeah give give well be the healing instead of dealt with.
kate: Okay well be and speaker so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever we'll do there.
kate: yeah.
kate: So that's.
kate: Nine for.
kate: I don't know, should I just do them both and then split it up evenly.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sure.
Timothy Sackton: what's nine for both of them anyway so.
Timothy Sackton: So, while being seeker he got nine hit points back.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks yep while you're short resting who is who is searching where.
Timothy Sackton: cat is out that with.
Timothy Sackton: are definitely short resting yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm gonna keep searching and I want to really focus on the Leader guys room in case I missed anything there and then the ground floor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the basement you sort of work.
Timothy Sackton: Like where you entered yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and seeker, what are you doing, are you short resting.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well i'll be make make um to perception checks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You have any inspiration left easy.
No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A perceptions, did you say.
Timothy Sackton: perception yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's better.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you're so the top floor oh.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely.
Timothy Sackton: you're getting enhanced ability, you have that.
kate: I have guidance.
Timothy Sackton: Or you could guidance them.
Timothy Sackton: Except that you're like Catholics.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: Are you like going around, are you.
Timothy Sackton: helping him search.
kate: I mean, do I get anything back from shirt dress no right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're pretty fall at the moment.
kate: yeah just.
Timothy Sackton: Go back channel the divinity but yeah you know, usually use your channel because it's like.
kate: Well, I was gonna he's one tourists tourists.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you could do that.
Timothy Sackton: Right so on the top floor while be you're like pretty convinced there's nothing I mean you can tell just by the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: shape of the building and the weight like you can sort of way the walls are set up there's like not.
Timothy Sackton: there's not really space for there to be any kind of chess or secret rooms, or anything up here you do find a handful of extra coins another.
Timothy Sackton: Another eight gold scattered among the like straw piles and there's like feet traces of blood and you know the occasional like bone of a small animal i'm tossed among the sort of rags and straw in the sleeping quarters.
Timothy Sackton: But otherwise, like other than this like big.
Timothy Sackton: sort of calendar.
Timothy Sackton: there's nothing obvious up here.
Timothy Sackton: When you had downstairs um.
Timothy Sackton: You know you work slowly along the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the.
Timothy Sackton: The entire bottom floor all the way to the room that sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Like you came through that secret door into like a little hallway and then, when that and in that room like opposite the opposite wall of the secret door that you came into something bothers you about the other wall it's like.
Timothy Sackton: you're you're coming you know you're traveling you're walking around with your your drift Globe down here just sort of paying careful attention in a way you didn't before and the shadows are wrong.
Timothy Sackton: late.
Timothy Sackton: Where the.
Timothy Sackton: On that wall that what should be.
Timothy Sackton: Like just the sort of pattern of the sort of rough hewn wall should be casting long shadows along the wall, but it's not as no shadows of anything that's like even protruding slightly out of the wall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah is it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): illusory, or are there any little key holes around.
Timothy Sackton: magic you'd like poking along the wall yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sort of feel along and about halfway along the wall it you feel would.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh so there's like a door that's been covered, maybe with an illusion, or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: What it seems like yeah.
Timothy Sackton: All right, does it handle with no lock.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh i'll shout upstairs can I can I get a little backup I found a secret door and i'm stepping through it now.
kate: i'll run up there.
Eric Rosenbaum: A bit busy.
Timothy Sackton: Guy so wristband comes down with you.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You open the door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I mean carefully in the don't get hit by traps kind of way but yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Right um.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: What you see when you push her open the door and step to the illusion, where the resident is just like a bear dusty room.
Timothy Sackton: There is a.
Timothy Sackton: table.
Timothy Sackton: That has a map spread out on it, and there is a chest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's the map.
Timothy Sackton: The map is of bold.
Timothy Sackton: drink Korean Fort.
Timothy Sackton: shows like for tower for towers, like a Fort then there's like this.
Timothy Sackton: shaded area in the middle that's like a gash or a pit in the earth, and there is.
Timothy Sackton: there's like a dotted line that goes in a slight spiral that leads to that.
Timothy Sackton: That leads to the to the gosh and there's like i'm.
annotation is written.
Timothy Sackton: you read drink Korean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do not.
Timothy Sackton: In a language you don't read.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, i'll stash the map does this chest have a lock on it.
Timothy Sackton: It does have a lock on it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh can I check for traps in case opening it's gonna kill me.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, he can make an investigation jack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, this looks fine all unlocking.
Timothy Sackton: The as the chest opens you noticed a small written written on the sort of best on the inside of the chest and.
Timothy Sackton: Gas begins to pour out of the chest, I need both of you to make a constitution saving throw us.
Timothy Sackton: I just knew what.
Mike Sackton: We were doing so well.
Timothy Sackton: Are you both gonna be dead, possibly.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: lucky for us it's empty like hit the gas.
Timothy Sackton: You both take.
Timothy Sackton: 24 points of poison damage.
kate: JEREMY.
Timothy Sackton: As the choking gas pours out and begins to.
Timothy Sackton: sort of sink down to the floor.
Timothy Sackton: It is um it's like hanging there if you climb up onto the table, you can get out of it um.
Timothy Sackton: you're both pretty short though so even though it's like beginning to sink down a little bit if you are like a normal human.
Timothy Sackton: It would have like burst up into your face to now you'd be standing above it, but you are like still right in that you have about five seconds to do something, before you take another breath.
kate: Like rush out of the room.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: it's got it's like drifting down into the hall, you could rush out of the room, but you're not guaranteed to get I mean that's certainly something that you could try.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, I want to run over to the door, and I want to grab the handle and I want to do this back and forth really fast.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): clear the air.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The way it should be able to hold their breath longer than five seconds that's that's just not true, like i'm like a normal dude I can I can I do this regularly I can hold my breath for a minute 30 seconds.
Timothy Sackton: it's not that.
Timothy Sackton: it's not breathing it that that kills the skin contact.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah your thoughts.
Timothy Sackton: Are you doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
kate: Only class i'll jump on the table.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'll be make a constitution saving start with advantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): gonna help.
Timothy Sackton: out.
Timothy Sackton: Now 15 helps.
Timothy Sackton: As the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: thickness of the poison of this gas is i'm thinking, where you are razor and it seems to be i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Gathering beneath the table, but you're now above it so you're an effective but also don't have a clear path to exit this room.
Timothy Sackton: While doing.
kate: The many speakers ladder in here.
Timothy Sackton: While you take another seven points of poison damage.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You are like you've cleared it out enough that.
Timothy Sackton: If you sort of dashed out into the hall, you would be in the clear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For now.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: They both going anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's sort of pooling in the room you've managed with your vigorous motion managed to fit it out out here, and it doesn't seem to be spreading beyond the area like 10 feet 510 feet in front of the door.
Timothy Sackton: But it's a nice solid like four or five foot.
Timothy Sackton: cloud that just is covering the.
Timothy Sackton: room.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hooking the chest, with a grappling hook and pulling it out.
Timothy Sackton: Oh you're not in this room anymore.
Timothy Sackton: you read out the hall right you could go back into the gas and tried to do that if you wanted to.
kate: Get the ladder.
Mike Sackton: The ladder is gone.
kate: Oh, it stopped.
kate: Existing.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's sleeping.
Mike Sackton: sleeping it's.
it's.
Mike Sackton: it's it's not animated by its.
kate: Go get a regular ladder.
Mike Sackton: it's a rope ladder there's still probably a way to use it is how long until the short rest is over.
Timothy Sackton: Ah i'd say another 20 minutes.
Mike Sackton: You can wait 20 minutes there's lots of things they can do to help you.
kate: yeah I mean what am I going to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who's been to numerous healing machines.
kate: Are you.
um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's.
Timothy Sackton: resume.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do you just real quick grab the thing and run out of there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It because she doesn't want to die.
kate: what's the thing.
Timothy Sackton: About with.
Timothy Sackton: No, are you talking.
About.
Mike Sackton: So.
kate: what's it can I can I see what's in the chest from my lofty vantage point.
Timothy Sackton: No cuz there's like a thick cloud of poison gas between you, in the chest.
kate: Just checking you know, maybe it is sort of spilled out.
Timothy Sackton: it's kind of pulling down like in the area it's like thickest around the chest and for about 10 or 15 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Around the table it's like thinking into a bit of a depression here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, go back upstairs desk are you going to do in.
kate: I mean, I have like titans and rope I can scale my way out of here, but I don't think I need to go through that effort it's unless the rescue me in 20 minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know what's going on right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah walk back up.
Mike Sackton: i'll be walk back out where's Chris what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do it what's going on down there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you find out there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I got some good news and some bands which would you like first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bad news.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The bad news.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that I start off a poison gas trap.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And it's it kind of burned some of my skin off it was cut roseman trapped down there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The good news is and I pulled the map out of my pocket check this shit out right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All it responds trapped.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In a room full of poisonous gas right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah but look at them, the map is the thing we've been looking for this whole time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait but she.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Founded chick.
Mike Sackton: chick we help raise with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Michelle chrisman.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh yes, yes, definitely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably okay oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can we help her should I mean we can't go down there, right now, Canada is a poisonous gas everywhere what's the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, so I open, you know open the chest, and the poison gas came out and she climbed up on table and she was pretty smart because the gas is low, so as long as she doesn't ever come off of the table she's safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So she's standing on a table right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's able in a room full of poisonous gas.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I do, there is one.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Mike Sackton: Now we could go get the mirror of salt trapping trap her soul in the mirror carry her out.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good idea might be a better idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cut cut a hole in the floor in order to just be her up out of the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is she below us where we are now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or if we could just like contain the guests somehow or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If we could get her out so.
Mike Sackton: If I just use both by two spouse slots, I could teleport to the table pick up raise one and then teleport back out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And grab the items to.
Mike Sackton: Well yeah that that's a good idea, I could do that to.
Mike Sackton: Carry somebody was.
kate: Saying that's very like non.
kate: Though you can.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think you can carry somebody with this laptop.
Mike Sackton: If I had if.
Mike Sackton: If we could fly, we could.
Mike Sackton: Just fly above the.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah you could just fly up the mess, if you could fly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It can fly.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah you can fly.
Timothy Sackton: yeah why you can't.
Mike Sackton: Why didn't you fly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh wait, I have an idea.
Timothy Sackton: This one is.
Timothy Sackton: is much bigger and stronger than you, I do not think there's any chance you're carrying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, but I could toss her the flute on the table.
Timothy Sackton: yeah good.
Mike Sackton: Perfect well i'll go down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Secret so it was a room that kicked off the poison gas, do you think if we just like close it again didn't go away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's not how rooms work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that her rooms work.
Timothy Sackton: Make on our chronic jack.
Nice.
Mike Sackton: um can we see results from somewhere that's safe.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: um oh.
Timothy Sackton: Ah seeker based on what well be says your guess is this is probably.
Timothy Sackton: You know if this is a magic trap and it likely.
Timothy Sackton: will stay.
Timothy Sackton: In less dispelled.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: speaker has to spell magic but I enjoy what I understand he has no cell phones.
All gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the pearl of power also.
Timothy Sackton: I use today I guess used.
Timothy Sackton: It yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, which is how Brisbane found us in the first place so.
Timothy Sackton: The giant flies and recharged yet.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I can cast fly it's not really that hard if I need to.
Timothy Sackton: You could definitely fly overhead and you could carry.
Timothy Sackton: Welcome, he is flying fleet and then you wouldn't have to waste the second spell slot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): grab the chest, and we get off that one.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's see when you touch a woman creatures so annoying.
Mike Sackton: touch spells.
kate: With the test spell.
Mike Sackton: fly now I just I can target to people with fly by I can't do it unless i'm touching that I have they're all have to be touching so I can't.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'll.
kate: Building would like doesn't anybody have an x can just chat through the floor above me.
Mike Sackton: What is the floor made of.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was my initial suggestion, yes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah good.
Timothy Sackton: floor above is clearly not in this like.
Timothy Sackton: Right you go down and then you're like in some other sub basement and you must have gone into the link underneath the next house or something like Okay, because.
Timothy Sackton: Like you connect your like two levels undergrad.
kate: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: not that simple, then okay.
kate: Alright sounds like we need Dallas magic.
Mike Sackton: it's fine i'll cast fly.
kate: Trying to save you from the.
Mike Sackton: Well, I can get my spouse back by just resting for another hour.
Mike Sackton: To it so you know okay um.
Mike Sackton: I will cast fly.
Timothy Sackton: So resin i'll just hold tight for 20 minutes somebody else Hello will be there in 20 minutes.
Mike Sackton: We can that's why I was asking, can we like i'll go down and.
Mike Sackton: We can have a conversation.
Mike Sackton: Right like.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can definitely talk to each other, you just can't so like there's like about 10 feet, the quarter, is not that why.
Timothy Sackton: And they're like 10 feet around the door has like finish gas like you could step into it, you have advantage and you're saving them, but you would still.
Mike Sackton: Potentially yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I will.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that is pretty low to the ground teacher so like you can easily fly above.
Mike Sackton: All cast fly.
Mike Sackton: i'll take care of flute.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be.
Mike Sackton: Wait but I can't see it, none of us can get.
Mike Sackton: How far as How far is okay if i'm standing not in the gas, for I guess five if i'm standing not in the gas.
Mike Sackton: yeah how close to my tourism.
Timothy Sackton: you're like 20 feet.
Mike Sackton: don't Why do I need to okay i'm a chance we'll pick up the flute and fly 30 feet and drop it on the table for residents to have.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this that says you can't see through the illusion law, you see the door sticking out of the wall, because what i'll be with doing this, so so when you come down there you see a stone wall with a wooden door sticking out.
Timothy Sackton: of stone wall.
Mike Sackton: But I don't he.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't need to see so you pick up the.
Timothy Sackton: flu us mm hmm and then it's like a whole bunch of like shouting left no.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Just grab as long as it's within 30 feet of me it doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't require site.
Mike Sackton: Correct it requires site to create.
Timothy Sackton: But you can move at.
Mike Sackton: What I can move the hand.
Timothy Sackton: Up it gets more than 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: And mannerisms yelling like know to laugh know a little bit lower as you're like feeling around in this chest.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of guessing where it is based on the.
Mike Sackton: The drop the flute and then i'll use them a chance to feel right to the chest and see if I can pick up things yes.
Timothy Sackton: How.
Timothy Sackton: The maytag can carry five pounds.
Mike Sackton: them a chance can carry 10 pounds.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You manage it's like you know it's like one of those.
Mike Sackton: candy cloth.
Timothy Sackton: candy crush machines rola.
Timothy Sackton: i'm low.
Timothy Sackton: 2d sex.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you grab you know you you grab what you can grab you pretty sure it's not everything that was in the chest.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: But this is about carrie.
Timothy Sackton: And you all retreat now having Those are the three of you who short rested now can you finish your short rests.
Mike Sackton: At this time, to finish the short rest before I can.
Timothy Sackton: Before you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take um before we leave here, I saw site who just got bit by rote wearables.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did.
Timothy Sackton: At the three of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'll be to to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Each of them.
Timothy Sackton: To okay make three with make three in fact checks, each with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: and use three key.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, do I get inspiration back from the short.
Timothy Sackton: get your inspiration back.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: If you just click the short rest button on D amp D beyond it'll give you back.
Timothy Sackton: they'll give you bad what you're supposed to get back.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did it I just so i'll i'll give kenzo inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: or guy for this purpose, but you only get one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine i'm not going to need it because it's going to be so good alright so i'm going to start with let's start with.
Timothy Sackton: start your choice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dealt with your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got it let's see that's my first role with advantage right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah all right 20.
Timothy Sackton: again.
Mike Sackton: I won't use the inspiration on that.
Timothy Sackton: Our themes clean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dealt with have stared into deep into your soul and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not seem to find any evidence of werewolf influence.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): plenty of other evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just the normal darkness in your soul all right i'm gonna go to a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While be next.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): be kind of cool to view wearable.
Eric Rosenbaum: You would be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I stared into your soul lobby and.
Timothy Sackton: He does not seem to have any corrupting influence either.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unfortunately, it appears that you have been infected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's have a look at you.
Timothy Sackton: you're rolling really wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I do have a plus six.
Timothy Sackton: He also seems.
Timothy Sackton: On affected by this purse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even this week bigger, it seems that seems that all three of you have managed to avoid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Religion in the world club.
Mike Sackton: Can we take a short break guys yeah.
sure.
Mike Sackton: Now that we know we're not where we.
Eric Rosenbaum: would have been pretty hilarious but okay.
Timothy Sackton: Well kinds of wasn't werewolf just got cured.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: relation i'm mistaken antigen test right now see what happens.
Timothy Sackton: I will be very impressed F.
Timothy Sackton: tested.
negative.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh i'm Eric while we haven't while we go to second if you are, you are you going to lexington soon.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am going tomorrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you're going tomorrow if you don't mind I had ordered five actually ordered five manage and tests funny enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That I thought that I had ordered them to my sister's place in oakland but accidentally delivered them to lexington so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're sitting outside right now I mean they'll be fine but yeah if you if you don't mind, just like stopping by and moving them inside and just do a quick walk around the House that'd be great.
Eric Rosenbaum: sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have a good story.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do yeah no problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you so much man yeah, of course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah all right.
Timothy Sackton: Watch, a new play.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's a great question.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we should just Dave just send an email to TIM and I knew to have them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just do a one yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: They can do one on one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As well other option, the other option which could also be fun is we do with new just like a separate thing we just like what we play something else sometime that's just like potentially its own thing and so that's another option, although I mean I would you know, having him guests.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In town.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean i'd be happy with anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eric, what do you think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why don't we start there, we could always set up another separate thing if we want to do like an ongoing thing that them or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so start with him being an npc and our.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah just see how it goes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I get a really fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah he's he's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's a pro he's like such a pro I mean he was like a hardcore like harper and like me he's massively into our personalities in a very nice way.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yes, if he and TIM just riff on some ideas.
Timothy Sackton: They can come up with so yeah i'm sure we can come up with something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'll do that i'll do that that's gonna be fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: So did you give him some telling our backstory or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I actually have not given a lot of detail, she just knows approximately that there was like a campaign that I played in we ended it, they were doing something else, like you said in the far future you know, etc, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's got some ideas but 10 had new would be a great person, if you wanted to reveal like more of like the secrets that you know we don't even know about he he is such a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like obviously you know world class world builder he might have some ideas like some really, really fun ideas on like you know how to how to add some.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting enough together the crazy shit that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah yeah oh it'd be a fun idea sparring partner.
kate: Where do you know i'm from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know I knew I think I know I know I know i'm through joey ITO my old my old boss at the media lab he had he would like come to visible, for some reason and then joey was like hey you should be this guy and I was, like all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and he may be, Kate doesn't have the context, he is a SCI fi author of whom at least i'm a big fan i've read all these books.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've read all these books.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well there's the the trilogy the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: quantum field Rhea.
Eric Rosenbaum: quantum thief too long and i've just read remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Land um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the best one is the first quantum safe book.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's really I haven't read those ones i'll have to read this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's so cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: He has some short stories that I haven't read but yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still haven't read any of his books.
Eric Rosenbaum: He knew.
Eric Rosenbaum: He personally for years.
Actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: I found an email at some point I forget why I was like I wrote to you in like 2014 is like oh it's so cool these checks up.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah someone was was very entertaining.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Use the restroom.
Eric Rosenbaum: slightly wrong, it was 2015 but I did I, there is an email from me to Kong where i'm like oh yeah You should read this book quantum thief by hundreds and maybe.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna have to look up the is.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, this is like this, this is from what summer summer land is fairly new right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's from just a couple years ago.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I will read this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Quote yeah quantum thief is like kind of mind blowing because it.
Eric Rosenbaum: is just.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's like some type of authors, that are like oh that's pretty inventive they came up with a couple of concepts.
Eric Rosenbaum: This one is like 10 or 100 times that in terms of just like the number of different ideas about crazy shit and it's also woven together in this very complex plot that spans the solar system.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's extremely inventive.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am googling him right now, and I just assumed from the name that he was South Asian oh he's very much a white guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: he sees finish.
yeah yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's really funny.
Eric Rosenbaum: physics training.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why even sent Kong in that email a quote from it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now about Oh, did you really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you read it to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just did it from 2015.
Eric Rosenbaum: People living in the uber yet society on Mars have two types of memory, in addition to a traditional personal memory there's the XO memory, which can be accessed by other people from anywhere in this in the city etc it's like a kind of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: The tiered.
Eric Rosenbaum: Privacy crypto system.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that affects the physical world as well it's amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was so awesome man that is so funny.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love that so much.
Eric Rosenbaum: I put convenient Wikipedia link links into my email for you as well, oh table definitely check this out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're just we're just gonna become best friends, but i'm not going to read any books.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um.
Timothy Sackton: As so so resident this this flute is like.
Timothy Sackton: um it looks like a flute carved out of like a ravens bone and when you start to blow on it, you suddenly lift into the air, for as long as you can blow, which is like a number of it's like.
Timothy Sackton: One plus your con modifier number of rounds so that's like.
Timothy Sackton: 18 seconds, or something like that or.
Timothy Sackton: 12 seconds, but of course you only need about six seconds to zip out of the room before you.
Timothy Sackton: Before you run out of breath and kind of land outside of this gas ah well be you the main chance seems that are side down with the mm HM does three items in it, as it emerges out out of the room and into the midst, not everything that was in the chest.
Timothy Sackton: There is a.
Timothy Sackton: A leather cloak.
Timothy Sackton: Like a fancy a nice leather cloak um that has two wholly symbols of laca wrapped around that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: And there is a scroll case it is empty and seems to be missing one of the ivory caps that would seal in a scroll.
Mike Sackton: Does the every CAP that I have fit.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it does.
Mike Sackton: Remember, which scroll that was to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait a minute.
Mike Sackton: What was that to.
Mike Sackton: Look in the party treasure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): vision of every scroll CAP for ravens food.
Mike Sackton: miscellany.
Mike Sackton: Irish call prep from a scroll that summon the demon.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does that mean is.
freaky.
Eric Rosenbaum: This can be the same scroll it's just that they they're all the same size.
Mike Sackton: presume it's the same scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is from here.
Mike Sackton: seems to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, I will look at the quote.
Mike Sackton: what's The third thing.
Timothy Sackton: lock in holly symbols I love a.
Timothy Sackton: cloud score.
Timothy Sackton: So you return upstairs your.
Timothy Sackton: Turn completed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I look at that clip.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: um let's.
Timothy Sackton: Look so it's it looks like you know just a reasonably high quality piece of.
Timothy Sackton: outerwear that like a.
Timothy Sackton: priester scholar might wear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
Mike Sackton: does go via recognize it.
Timothy Sackton: So you show this stuff to him yeah yeah he looks up he says.
Timothy Sackton: His eyes go wide when he sees that one of.
Timothy Sackton: locking.
Timothy Sackton: oops sorry hold on where they actually well it doesn't matter um.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, this was.
Timothy Sackton: This was.
Timothy Sackton: Was go veers this is go veers paulie symbol and cloak that he was.
Timothy Sackton: No, the cloak isn't side the cloak isn't his.
Timothy Sackton: The Holy symbol is is.
Timothy Sackton: you're not sure where the clock is from he hasn't recognized the clock, but do you recognize this simple.
Timothy Sackton: As another holy symbol was.
hadas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: didn't die recognizes, I mean what would it symbols.
Timothy Sackton: are just like symbols of.
Timothy Sackton: Of lock off.
Timothy Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Go here, and how does personal effects right they were walking.
Timothy Sackton: They were an archivist but many historians do are particularly i'm devoted to lock, as he has also seen as sort of the God of history.
Timothy Sackton: The cloak is probably just some random treasure I think it's just a nice cloak.
Timothy Sackton: Are you going to.
Mike Sackton: i'll yes, I.
Mike Sackton: Look at whether this stuff is magic I will take 10 minutes and detect magic.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um the map is magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm.
interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously the potions the short sword.
Timothy Sackton: The cloak is not magic.
Mike Sackton: What about the iron dependence.
Timothy Sackton: nope none of the parents are magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ooh, we have to you have to show the other, the school CAP to that the mirror.
Mike Sackton: We aren't shut the school kept.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the other, the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other half of it yeah just found.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's your story.
Mike Sackton: Thank you, so the tarot cards.
Timothy Sackton: Not magic.
Mike Sackton: Okay, the dagger.
Mike Sackton: nope OK, so the only thing that's magic is the we have two potions.
Mike Sackton: So why Would he be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Keeping me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because there's more that chest we didn't get.
I think we need to figure seller.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Get the rest of it out.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, say that again my.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's more in the chest that we didn't get mentioned could only get so much, I think I can't imagine any of this is the stuff that was carefully locked away and trap.
Mike Sackton: It seems odd that you'd walk away.
Mike Sackton: It does seem like an odd set of things to carefully walk away.
Eric Rosenbaum: We did learn that the map has additional information on it, that is not seen by normal means.
Mike Sackton: It is a magic map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Although how we learned that is through the intro.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is weird because those are things that we know, but we don't know or what.
Timothy Sackton: Did you learn that, through the intro.
Timothy Sackton: you've learned that.
Timothy Sackton: Go veers suggested to the.
Mike Sackton: Right go via thinks it might.
Timothy Sackton: Have magic right it.
Timothy Sackton: was bad.
Timothy Sackton: girls were told that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh sorry I.
Timothy Sackton: Actually forgot to mention.
Timothy Sackton: That the trap master actually did have to scrolls.
Timothy Sackton: A score on the tech magic and the school of seeing visibility.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I have to write that down.
Mike Sackton: Those are useful things.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we should we should carry those with.
Timothy Sackton: US um.
Timothy Sackton: Everything from the intro with stuff that go via would have told you, in the last session.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that is all stuff you know.
Timothy Sackton: it's kind of our recap of His story, but he told you his.
Eric Rosenbaum: gotcha gotcha.
Mike Sackton: um I mean we could.
Mike Sackton: You think we should go get the rest of it, we should try and get the rest of the items in the chest.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, can we just dispelled to somebody of I guess we don't have a spell slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am literally empty.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: What have I got.
Eric Rosenbaum: That one first level slow left mean.
kate: And then rick has moved by water.
kate: water.
Mike Sackton: um wait a minute.
Mike Sackton: What would water dissipate the gas.
Mike Sackton: We have a decanter of water, the alchemy jug.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no I used it already for the T.
Eric Rosenbaum: use it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Once a day.
Timothy Sackton: Once a day.
Mike Sackton: or useful use magic item for scenic effect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: see the effects.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That to delicious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was I was very good ready.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And nourishing.
Mike Sackton: I mean if we really want to I don't see why.
Mike Sackton: Go with couldn't.
Mike Sackton: Cast fly and just fish with them a chance well standing there then put things on.
Mike Sackton: Right like who cares if it's going to take 20 minutes, I mean well 20 minutes with you on the fly but.
Mike Sackton: Presumably, if I cast fly and flew in and was four feet above the chest I can't see it just kept casting agent and fishing around I could get everything in the chest.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's do it.
Mike Sackton: let's do it.
Mike Sackton: Oh anybody else want to fly for 10 minutes for fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Live just just one second what What if there's a way to get rid of the gas.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it'd be even better.
Mike Sackton: That would be a better.
kate: I mean i'm feeling kind of bad about leaving it here for the cleanup crew that we're calling in from the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's what i'm saying right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Mike Sackton: you read every day what is that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's you know.
Mike Sackton: there's a portable hole when you need one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, exactly because it it drains down it's it's heavier than air, so if we could make a hole in the ground.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's them.
Mike Sackton: what's the grandmasters.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this is cracked stone.
Timothy Sackton: An Earth.
Mike Sackton: What does seeker do all the time with Earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can excavate a little bit, but I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like to move it move it.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's right I can't make an indefinitely deep.
Eric Rosenbaum: into the ground, though, can I guess given time, I can.
Timothy Sackton: You do need to target area that you can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Mike Sackton: we're party of six level adventures, we have to be able to get rid of some gas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm saying.
Timothy Sackton: We have like a large number of magic items.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah What else do we have that might be useful.
Mike Sackton: spinning top that doesn't seem like a peaceful.
Eric Rosenbaum: make us a gas mask.
Eric Rosenbaum: skin contact anyway right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah contact yeah.
Timothy Sackton: make it a poisonous gas, all I need to stop you apparently.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait a minute women if the gases settled low why don't you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just make a rent that's like three feet yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think you could I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we did a little a trench.
Mike Sackton: When I was gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have the.
Eric Rosenbaum: MIC I did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A whole down and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, like as a sort of funnel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, and then and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Useful chamber.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: blow gas down into the whole.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does anybody have.
Mike Sackton: No presentation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): People very challenging.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the four minutes.
Timothy Sackton: it's like there's like stones tiles but they're cracked and there's earth there's packed earth underneath it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I should be able to just move the.
Eric Rosenbaum: earth out underneath the tile a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: and make a chamber below the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's sort of like vertical yeah.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, ah get rid of the gas.
Eric Rosenbaum: standing on my tiptoes well clear of the edge of gas I excavated some of the earth beneath the tile.
Timothy Sackton: So you start so as you start like digging a trench basically the gap does begin to pour in and fill the trench and there is a fixed volume of it so as you dig deeper more of it pools.
Mike Sackton: Do we still have the floating desk.
Eric Rosenbaum: We do.
Mike Sackton: yeah why don't we just stand on that it's above the gas.
kate: We still need to get the gas out of the.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: You can't move.
Mike Sackton: outing desk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just made, though, like a really awesome trap like a death gas trap for.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that would be pretty deadly.
Timothy Sackton: So it's gonna take you a bit of time to excavate maybe 10 minutes to your so basically, the idea is you're digging a trench and the gases filling in.
Timothy Sackton: And you're dealing at deeper so you're just going to make a pit for gas.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Without you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: The room getting undermined.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: So you're not like able to complete while you managed to clear the area in front of the door basically was like a trench in the corridor and then you can start to go in the room and start digging like underneath the table basically um and.
Timothy Sackton: Though you know as it.
Timothy Sackton: fills underneath the table now like it sort of clears out from the room so after about 10 minutes of of digging you've got to poison gas pits and a clear floor.
Mike Sackton: yeah what else is in the chest.
So.
Timothy Sackton: On top of.
Timothy Sackton: Of what you picked up so there's like there was the stuff on top, then there's a large sack that must weigh 15 pounds for of what looks like mostly copper, with a handful of gold coins mixed in.
Timothy Sackton: You know a few thousand copper at least um.
Timothy Sackton: This is, this is probably.
Timothy Sackton: yeah this, this is probably, this is probably like 2000 ish coins so it's too heavy for the major to left.
Timothy Sackton: underneath that.
Timothy Sackton: You can see there are there's like a smaller pouch I has six um what look like fairly nice high quality polished white moon stones.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: let's see you got that you got the Holy symbols um.
Timothy Sackton: There is a pair of riding boots that look like they are in a set with the leather cloak.
Timothy Sackton: And there is.
Timothy Sackton: Another scroll or another school case.
Timothy Sackton: With both.
Timothy Sackton: lids connected.
Timothy Sackton: Different design not quite as elaborate.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're going to check out these scrolls so.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use my goggles to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Open I can only identify one thing at a time and yeah one day.
Mike Sackton: You didn't use it today, did you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Remember it's been a long day.
Mike Sackton: I can't think of what we would have been.
Mike Sackton: identified day right did you use it, maybe I can't remember.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: No, I don't think you use that.
kate: Also, have identify.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no.
Mike Sackton: One can just.
Mike Sackton: test identify yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well we've got at least two scrolls now right or how many.
Mike Sackton: We have a scroll of detect magic in the scrolls the invisible that we know what they are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then the seeds grow.
Mike Sackton: And then we have a sealed scroll case is it magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what about the white one kept missing.
Timothy Sackton: there's nothing it's empty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I didn't realize that.
Mike Sackton: The CAP dealt with still had the CAP to that very scroll case it was the scroll that summon the demon in Raven salt right.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what is it doing here.
Mike Sackton: What is it doing here, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what the show here.
On.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The short sword that it took from the werewolf leader and say I I would love to know if this is like going to turn me into a werewolf, for I use it anymore.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If either of you have identified.
kate: And cast that as a ritual right.
kate: yeah we have time for that I see him.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's now like 334.
Timothy Sackton: vista is already turned away a few curious onlookers.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of standing there guard.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: it's fun to like summoning the authority.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah why don't I go is there anything else to search for otherwise i'm going to go and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Report this.
Mike Sackton: Now go report, this will go back to the.
Mike Sackton: I think, and we can gas identify while we're waiting for you to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Come back good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I head over to the you know.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, are you taking so you're taking everything from here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Returning the Holy symbols to go via but otherwise keeping everything else.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's definitely fine to go to the authorities, because they're not in bed with the world plot.
Eric Rosenbaum: For sure.
Mike Sackton: Now I.
Mike Sackton: think we know if they were in bed with plot, then you saw site at least one of them anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah that's true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): scroll chase here.
Mike Sackton: that's bothering me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe the werewolf send a demon dimension or somehow connected or the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Create it well, maybe the tinker are made the scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did we see when we looked in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: You saw like a demon writing the scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: demon saw.
Timothy Sackton: Actually linked.
In.
Timothy Sackton: You can read it in the notes.
kate: Do I know about your demon your.
Timothy Sackton: Your your this was that ravens how you were there.
Mike Sackton: But you don't know about our mirror.
kate: yeah.
kate: cuz I.
Mike Sackton: left before we went into the.
Timothy Sackton: tower no she was in the tower.
kate: yeah I said I stuck around until we all left with.
Mike Sackton: Oh right yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah so you saw us, I mean we use the mirror in the Tower showed this was the magic mirror that showed the.
The.
Mike Sackton: The guy who owns the Tower how he gotten in casting a spell to get in and out of, but I think you had last by the time we got the vision, the.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that was after that was after resin that left.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wing it gotta treated.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This scroll is to someone for the sector.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's right.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: scroll yeah.
Presumably.
Mike Sackton: Right, all we saw in that vision was the scroll being created by some sort of demon.
Mike Sackton: And we know all got traded to scroll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right we don't know who she traded to but presumably someone who then used it in ravens hold right.
Mike Sackton: yeah yes clearly but.
Mike Sackton: Why would unless this werewolf as a refugee from ravens home, why would they have an empty.
Mike Sackton: it's like did they use it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Word scroll is also in the name of society, the open school.
Eric Rosenbaum: talking to.
Mike Sackton: The other thing that's odd to me is why is there a nice weather cloak and riding boots.
Mike Sackton: The only thing I could think of is is this like some memento of the.
Mike Sackton: This person's like the werewolf sold life before they became aware.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What are the make or is there a make on the riding boots in the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: No there's not there's not like a maker's mark.
Timothy Sackton: um there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's a.
Timothy Sackton: That can mean, these are there, like nicely made they're relatively.
Timothy Sackton: fancy they seem like relatively modern in style these aren't like 200 year old cloaks i'm not.
Timothy Sackton: Not necessarily like.
Timothy Sackton: done Marty.
Timothy Sackton: Probably not done Mari actually but like not with a clear like there's not like a.
Timothy Sackton: make a maker's mark stamped in them or anything.
Mike Sackton: When can we use the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: that's a good question.
Now.
Mike Sackton: now seems that opportune time.
Timothy Sackton: You use the 28th so 1234.
Timothy Sackton: Like in two or three days.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so obviously you are intending to.
Timothy Sackton: Take all this stuff somewhere, you have the map, you have the papers, you have a bunch of stuff to look through.
Mike Sackton: yep the archives.
Mike Sackton: To that, I think we go back to the archives.
Timothy Sackton: And when you.
Mike Sackton: Get go here to help I mean I went over here to start looking at all this, he needs to recover, but like maybe he can help us figure out what the creepy.
Mike Sackton: What the.
Mike Sackton: what's up with all the dates.
Timothy Sackton: Good question.
yep.
Good.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo is going to tell.
Timothy Sackton: The high priest s about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what is what has occurred, where we discovered with.
Timothy Sackton: And and.
kate: This trigger to go with him.
Timothy Sackton: Mr will go with you just as like a honor guard basically bodyguard.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you are going back to the archives.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you're.
traveling.
kate: isn't somebody just staying here until veteran.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think the innkeeper should stay.
Timothy Sackton: Now she's here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no, she she should stay at the site right just to do what she's continuing to do, which is like ward off people and be like oh there's under see here that you know.
Timothy Sackton: she's okay with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she'll do whatever you ask i'll can go by myself, she should just.
Mike Sackton: You know that's fine.
kate: OK OK, so the two of you are handling this end of things and the rest of us are going over to the end.
kate: I mean the.
Timothy Sackton: Right style.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo you arrived at the.
Timothy Sackton: At the door at the sort of main temple complex it's now maybe 435 the sun is not yet too low in the sky being.
Timothy Sackton: Still valuably close to the solstice.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly there's been a lot of activity today.
Timothy Sackton: Today, though, and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: When you enter.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The the temple.
Timothy Sackton: The move on, he the.
Timothy Sackton: Calais as assistant she says that Claire has been has been eager for news from you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's the news.
Timothy Sackton: And when you approach when you approach her, she is in the middle of she's like looks off from papers that are that are spread all across her desk.
Timothy Sackton: And she takes a moment to kind of stare at you.
Timothy Sackton: This is.
Timothy Sackton: commander alien was not please with your antics.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I am glad that.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it sounds from what he says that you've gotten a message to.
Timothy Sackton: Sarah and we may yet now have peace for.
Timothy Sackton: Some weeks until.
Timothy Sackton: We can better understand the will of the gods is this sow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It appears to be the case, we were able to deliver a message to her and and then she replied and agree to.
Timothy Sackton: That is a great relief to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While that is indeed or relief and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, myself and my companions were not here at the moment would be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: happy to discuss further and try to understand a way towards peace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is also very important for you to be aware that my companions and I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have discovered a den of werewolves in Tokyo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which you may or may not have been aware of that, there is a significance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know what the right word is outbreak of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like entropy in the city and currently TIM what's the what's the neighborhood I say whatever the neighborhood is.
Timothy Sackton: Like North America.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah on and there is currently a den.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A building in North okra where my companions currently are now, that is, has some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bodies of dead werewolves there that would be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Worthy of the city to investigate and when we arrived in this compound we also discovered the missing archivists.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go here who had been turned into a werewolf that has now been freed and also thanks to our companion Rizwan is now now cured right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're.
Timothy Sackton: cured you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit.
Timothy Sackton: go via hasn't been cured yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but we will be able to cure your goal here within trapped in in prison there knows how long.
Timothy Sackton: She looks her like face gradually turns to shock as you're telling the following.
Timothy Sackton: sense.
Timothy Sackton: you're sure like in throbs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Positive if you'd like to come with me now I can show you or if you'd like to send any of your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: send anyone because right now the the innkeeper of the doorman in happens to be there, keeping the townspeople for mentoring and side, but I think it'd be wise for the city to us in that building.
Timothy Sackton: Or, well, I will speak to.
Timothy Sackton: Several of the temple guards, we will.
Timothy Sackton: We will investigate this, but I am.
Timothy Sackton: I am taken aback for.
Timothy Sackton: Where did they where did this come from How did the.
Timothy Sackton: Anyone bearing the curse of my cancer patient not be able to enter Dunbar.
white.
Timothy Sackton: So coons protection.
Timothy Sackton: How could they have.
Timothy Sackton: Unless they came from chart and.
kate: Why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: didn't you say.
Timothy Sackton: Sure Kuhn has kept the eastern frontier of Dunbar safe from such evils for 200 years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: werewolves from chart in here and to grow huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Am I not surprised.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how they could have come.
Timothy Sackton: from the east.
Timothy Sackton: So they must have come from the West.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, they must have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you had wearables in Tokyo before recently.
Timothy Sackton: Not for a long time.
Timothy Sackton: There were rumors long ago before.
Timothy Sackton: Before the.
Timothy Sackton: barriers on the eastern frontier were solidified.
Timothy Sackton: During the.
Timothy Sackton: During soon after the hobgoblin wars.
Timothy Sackton: Before the protections stretch from mountain to mountain.
Timothy Sackton: But just rumors.
Timothy Sackton: That was more than 100 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: spin safe.
Timothy Sackton: For many, many years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: respectfully.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should continue this conversation with my companions I think they'll have some additional questions and it'd be good for us to talk anyways as well about what might be the best course of action with Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you want to accompany me to the to the to the building with the temple guard to see for yourself, or should we bring my companions back here after.
Timothy Sackton: I have.
Timothy Sackton: Much yet to do this day perhaps we could.
Timothy Sackton: speak at dinner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds good, why don't you respectfully why don't you send some of your temple guard with me now and i'll show them to the area, so they can secure the location we'd like to return go back to the archives and we can regroup at dinner that sounds like a great plan.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, yes, I will.
Timothy Sackton: I will summon a guard immediately.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In a way, lucky that we were able to stumble across this and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: eager to investigate and more of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's going on here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what we'll we'll come back for dinner and we'll discuss more than.
Timothy Sackton: I will have the table set for you and your companions it will speak.
Wonderful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or is everybody else already at the archives, are you guys hanging.
Timothy Sackton: There on the archives just distress at the Chapel or so yeah so you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: catch up with our.
Timothy Sackton: jumped to the archives, while you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we explained I explained to them about the poison the pit that the poison and a half ago.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
yeah.
kate: Put a prison.
Timothy Sackton: So archives people, what are you doing.
Timothy Sackton: So you return back art and it's like overjoyed that that go veers here, and is, you know happy to do whatever you want or need.
Timothy Sackton: Also shocked.
Timothy Sackton: To hear of werewolves, although he suspected as much, and of course there was all the events last night with Doc so he was not you know entirely surprised.
kate: All right, well, I let go vir like freshen up a bit find something you know meaningful and comforting to him and.
Timothy Sackton: Then gay.
kate: settle into.
kate: To ritual of prayer with.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: make another wisdom check.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you have you have no problem i'm.
Timothy Sackton: actually here i'll put you on the map.
Timothy Sackton: You have no problem going through you know your prayers here you feel confident that you have.
Timothy Sackton: cured go here, and he is I mean he's.
Timothy Sackton: He was like God gathered up like his bike like his quills and his his notebook and um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, is just kind of sitting quietly in the corner in prayer and meditation trying to recover some sense of himself after this ritual.
Mike Sackton: What.
Mike Sackton: As.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry go ahead so as you all gather back at the archives, what would you like to do before dinner.
Mike Sackton: I was wondering what.
Mike Sackton: The drink Korean writing on the maps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's good oh yeah let's figure out whether or not this medical.
Mike Sackton: We also have a magical scroll we haven't looked at it.
Timothy Sackton: Yet correct.
Timothy Sackton: We should, you have the.
Timothy Sackton: Various papers that you picked up as well.
Timothy Sackton: i'm the drinker and writing.
Timothy Sackton: explains that you must follow the path indicated in the on the map in order to avoid the confusion and and terror that will strike your heart, if you try and approach.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The well of madness in any other way.
Mike Sackton: Is go beer like.
Mike Sackton: me i'm curious to know if he understands the right.
Is.
Mike Sackton: open for questions.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean yeah he's sitting sort of quietly contemplative Lee, but you can ask him questions.
Mike Sackton: I mean i'll just I don't want to like drag him back into this whole thing today wait for tomorrow, but.
Mike Sackton: Does he speak Korean Korean can you read the jquery and writing on the map that's all.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: And the tech magic doesn't tell me anything other than the map is magical.
Mike Sackton: there's not like it doesn't with see invisible reveal invisible writing.
Timothy Sackton: In my.
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting.
Mike Sackton: We do have a scroll of see invisible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Life.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): moonlight too.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah mental read werewolves.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's interesting.
Mike Sackton: What is the other school, should we take it out of its case and inspect it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah i'll do that.
Mike Sackton: You to you and well just so you know.
Mike Sackton: The scroll explodes.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the last time to ask a scroll case cause explosion it's totally totally so.
Timothy Sackton: You you slide it out of its case, and this is.
Timothy Sackton: An old.
Timothy Sackton: brittle scroll.
Timothy Sackton: and make.
Timothy Sackton: Our economy check.
Eric Rosenbaum: make a dexterity safe i'm.
Timothy Sackton: This is not a spell you recognize it does seem to be some spell, but it is not when you know.
Timothy Sackton: It seems powerful.
Eric Rosenbaum: would identify it work on it.
Timothy Sackton: I done defy would probably work on it, yes.
I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lower my indie.
Eric Rosenbaum: amethyst goggles on to my face.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Before we get to that does anybody else doing anything.
Timothy Sackton: wow seekers you know exploring this.
Mike Sackton: I mean i'll try and sort through the papers, we have, and like.
Mike Sackton: See if there's more they're all in some strange language.
kate: I.
kate: ritual casts to identify his.
Timothy Sackton: His sword right.
kate: Sure it's hard.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And i'll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Risk because i'm i'm my last two points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All short rescue to get all my key back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i've come to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know I have.
kate: A chronic cough for a couple decades he's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm joking rena.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the papers.
Timothy Sackton: As you sort through them so.
Timothy Sackton: Make.
Timothy Sackton: Intelligence check.
Mike Sackton: That I wasn't making any more roles tonight TIM and I wasn't kidding.
Timothy Sackton: you're hot you're having a hard time sort of piecing together what the point of this like pages and pages of calendars is it's like seems to be trying to.
Timothy Sackton: figure something out.
Mike Sackton: The goal was actually more to organize it.
Mike Sackton: and translate it so that govan could figure it out for us go via configured out for us.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're translate you like spend some time translating this all.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The pages that are the like look una on the the scroll the like when the moon rises are easier to understand, although you can't place this language you're not sure what it is um there's like some diagrams that seems similar to the.
Timothy Sackton: To the drawing you found in the trap masters workshop with 13 spears arranged with a detail of the spear that shows the writing mad one come to us.
Timothy Sackton: By genetics, how will be heard does a long discussion of the ancient cave of the mad one soul and what that might mean and whether it's you know this particular place i'm link to the there seems to be some like different people writing notes.
Timothy Sackton: And then there seems to be at the end of this discussion there's like.
Timothy Sackton: You know somebody note to themselves.
Timothy Sackton: We must find a way past the Denmark is maze it must find a way to get to the Maori city without attracting attention.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe the old which can help if we can find something to trade worthy of her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hold which and a trade that sounds familiar.
Mike Sackton: So the whole thing was the what these people.
Mike Sackton: mean I get that clearly had her own goals, she wanted the spear.
Mike Sackton: yeah wonder, and we should have killed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): me you don't have to speak with did.
Timothy Sackton: You do have a scholar speak with the dead.
Mike Sackton: We have a scroll to speak with the dead.
Mike Sackton: Take the leaders body save one of the body, so he can speak with debt.
Mike Sackton: Of course, nothing forces the dead, to answer your.
Timothy Sackton: Question can compile them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: let's see i'm resin the short sword that.
Timothy Sackton: That will be picked up is a vicious short sword, it is um.
Timothy Sackton: Does extra damage on a credit it's not it's not particularly nice but it's not particularly evil.
Timothy Sackton: It is essentially magically sharp.
Timothy Sackton: No pluses to hit or damage just you do an extra seven damage on a crap.
Timothy Sackton: The scroll that you identify.
Timothy Sackton: This is a spell.
Timothy Sackton: or a ritual that is designed to bring the planes closer together.
Timothy Sackton: Was.
Timothy Sackton: Particularly attuned to pandemonium.
whoa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ammonium.
Eric Rosenbaum: This where they were asking for that.
Mike Sackton: So somebody's trying to see I think if we had, I think the the goal here is to spread white can throw up to everybody on top.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whose goal.
Mike Sackton: The ritual.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a powerful spell.
Timothy Sackton: It is, it seems to be it's related to the plane shifts ballots a spell that lets you but it doesn't bring you to the plane, it brings the plane to you, but it's tied to pandemonium.
Mike Sackton: This wiring pandemonium.
Mike Sackton: Closer to target.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, why would somebody have this just in order to.
Eric Rosenbaum: To bring werewolves across basically, or is there anything else that can come from pandemonium into this world.
Mike Sackton: But if the if the werewolf cult is motivated by this desire to bring genetics how all to.
Mike Sackton: Everyone.
Mike Sackton: Then they might have created or acquired the scroll because maybe the ritual only works if pandemonium is closer to toggle than it is normally.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh yeah.
Mike Sackton: ritual to like imagine a ritual that would break open.
Mike Sackton: The seals between the planes I don't even know if that's The thing that can happen.
Mike Sackton: But unleash pandemonium on target.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, maybe that's the kind of effect that was used to create the.
Eric Rosenbaum: The gap between the plans that exists already.
Eric Rosenbaum: At that for.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I keep meaning to mention this, but obviously.
Eric Rosenbaum: Other things have been happening it's been a busy day but, in the middle of the night I woke up thinking gosh.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you've got a certain type of special oil like, as we saw and you bring it near the gap between this plan and our boria you can charge it up with this incredible power and make horrible holes and things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could we use that same kind of oil or something similar to.
Eric Rosenbaum: harness power.
Eric Rosenbaum: Their gaps to other plans like.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would you get if you did that same process.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here, the gap depend ammonium.
Nothing good.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not like our area well photo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the firewall portal for that matter, exactly that's what i'm talking about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All those wanting to go there.
Eric Rosenbaum: My guess is that the mechanism connecting the planes is different between these gaps and caches and.
Eric Rosenbaum: That portal, although.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll have to go and find out but, but I think i'd like to go back at some point to the monastery and talk to the artist in there, I forget his name yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's not forget that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We also are still trying to find the monk from reshma learn about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because.
that's where we were dying.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, plenty plenty.
Eric Rosenbaum: of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You still need to do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's just remember that that is the main quest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is the main quest that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the main quest.
Mike Sackton: wow.
Mike Sackton: I am.
Mike Sackton: Who are these werewolves.
So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I shared with you what I what I learned speaking with kayla now but um does anybody else find it strange that the werewolves almost certainly came from charted.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's gonna that's gonna I thought that came from the East because of the finding their way through the maze piece.
Mike Sackton: yeah it's the.
Mike Sackton: chick does she not know just killing not know that she coons protection was gone for months.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, she does she didn't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: That does she know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe she didn't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that she would have known.
Mike Sackton: But it wasn't common knowledge can dress it and broadcast it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because he was ashamed of the whole situation, having been partly the cause.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm.
Mike Sackton: If she didn't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just assumed that she knew.
Mike Sackton: Because it seems to me that these werewolves fairly clear we.
Mike Sackton: Have a note, they did in fact trade something to.
Mike Sackton: target.
Mike Sackton: An exchange.
Mike Sackton: rate data in trade, the sphere now okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the sector, but would it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will no.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no there's a whole sequence of events they traded the scroll.
Mike Sackton: To architect, in exchange for her capturing chicagoans hearts penetrate the maze I got to then traded the scroll to somebody else for the sector in exchange for her goal of getting all the magic.
Think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because we know she traded the.
Mike Sackton: sector for the scroll.
Mike Sackton: All the way wrapped.
Mike Sackton: She traded the scroll for the septic and we see that somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Yes, where was traded the scroll to agata exchange for her hatching the plot to screw wish, they must say.
Eric Rosenbaum: That last part is is the only pure speculation right there's no evidence for that no.
Timothy Sackton: No evidence or you know is that the werewolf had the scroll in their treasure.
Mike Sackton: And the note you just read to us was that they traded something to the old which to get through the.
Mike Sackton: They wrote down on a piece of paper we're going to trade something.
Mike Sackton: If we have.
Mike Sackton: something of value, maybe the old, which will help us that's got to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That doesn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anna's there's strong evidence.
Mike Sackton: She clearly had the scroll in order to trade it for the sector now why she already working on the plot, did you have other reasons to screw this chicken and figured tell the werewolves that.
Mike Sackton: seems like it would be perfectly happy to sell something.
To somebody.
Mike Sackton: yeah absolutely right so maybe she was already.
Mike Sackton: pocket have already been in progress and all she did was tell the werewolf yeah you can get through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She brings chaos, she she do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the world's did come from the east.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think they were unable to buy this I think so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait but how do we know from the east.
Mike Sackton: Well, because that's where she comes protection was.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah Denmark from.
Mike Sackton: The know from the werewolf said they couldn't get through the makes that's chickens protection.
Mike Sackton: I remember that it was not easy to get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sweet.
Mike Sackton: or almost trapped forever.
Mike Sackton: Remember wasn't it you seeker was a well but who who of us went into the maze.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is us yeah, what do you.
Mike Sackton: Remember, when we tried to go through the we set out some of us at least dealt with it was, I think one of us with me set out to go back to.
Mike Sackton: Kerala after the after she had been restored without kenzo and we got lost in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: You carry on all sorts of like super evil items.
Timothy Sackton: yeah into donmar.
Mike Sackton: And you got law that.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was because of the evil items.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah it wasn't us it was the evil items, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait what but what was the maze.
Mike Sackton: that's what we were lost in the desert seemed like a maze right, like every time you turn it was like.
Eric Rosenbaum: A different, this is the nature of should coons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Protection oh right.
Mike Sackton: Never impact.
Mike Sackton: You can xhosa Kuhn was like I prefer I will let you through, no matter what people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, because once the heart was reactivated we can, and so the werewolves could not get through the on your right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah um.
Mike Sackton: Now why they came from the east and where they got these Trolls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still think they came charted but.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's you just wit you're.
Mike Sackton: wearing to the show sometimes kids.
Mike Sackton: Now, most of the time I think you're right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But this something doesn't add up here, because how long has there been this gap.
Eric Rosenbaum: To pandemonium at that fortress near here because clearly werewolves could come here from there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, thousands of years, because we know the old.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah elven temple or something's there.
Mike Sackton: But we don't these werewolves could could easily be new where they didn't have to have come from here they're coming to here to perform their ritual and and spread why cancer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The heart of shock who gets like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): immobilized the werewolf sneak in so they only been in we think they've only been in the city them for three or four months.
Mike Sackton: Well, the target has been it's been like eight months.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mila did say that there had to have been there's been no werewolves in the city for a very long time, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She was super surprised.
Eric Rosenbaum: By this, then, and they came here, in particular, because they know that there's this vulnerability this place, they could do this ritual that has a connection to.
Eric Rosenbaum: pandemonium and you bring a whole bunch more web server.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, for.
Eric Rosenbaum: From from there yeah, and so our responsibility is either to close that gap or or to profit from it.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's that was suggesting earlier.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we profit from it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be reaches over and readjust the Center of command and respect back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the way that oil could be used near the get gap to our boria to make.
Eric Rosenbaum: portable holes and so forth, perhaps there's some similar way of extracting magical energy from pneumonia.
Eric Rosenbaum: began.
harnessing it for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Mike Sackton: gravy creek why can't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean exactly what if, in fact, like entropy is the oil.
Mike Sackton: I mean when you just be doing the werewolf ritual for them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean my inquiry the spirit here is one of pure investigation after just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A heads up came from a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lab.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is what you're saying it was.
Mike Sackton: A lab.
develops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see her.
Eric Rosenbaum: That section.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The world.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): World drawers it was a false flag.
Eric Rosenbaum: flag operation, there are a lot of dwarves involved in this right there that's suspicious and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We do we need to heal that where we could before he turns into a werewolf again to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: out, we should you know we.
Mike Sackton: We heal them.
Timothy Sackton: I withheld.
Mike Sackton: I killed him.
Timothy Sackton: Go here, I read it.
Mike Sackton: does not feel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good right right right so.
Mike Sackton: Everybody seal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Everybody know their number worlds, we thought we.
Eric Rosenbaum: said, we know of.
Timothy Sackton: That you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where did the werewolves come from in the East.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's let's try to read the invisible ink on them happy.
Mike Sackton: And you are tracking where was from toto.
Oh.
kate: They were on the road between Twitter and okra so they had attack some Durban merchants that we're doing that route, and when they fled from wolves.
kate: And came back to us on Twitter they turned into werewolf the door merchants later turned into werewolves.
kate: The next full moon.
kate: And so they attacked.
kate: third quarter and we had to.
kate: battle them and that's how we learned that the dangerous walls on the.
kate: Road in between 13 tutor and poker at where werewolves.
Eric Rosenbaum: spreads doesn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Turn Doris is far south and west of here isn't it.
kate: yeah.
kate: just looking for him at myself.
Timothy Sackton: As the map.
Mike Sackton: Almost do south.
Timothy Sackton: South.
Mike Sackton: South and maybe even a little East I guess.
Okay that's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah juice, I would say start with Southwest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where were they coming from.
Mike Sackton: that's not what font on the map banter with East.
Timothy Sackton: Know blast.
Of tau keira yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I think you're looking at this candy.
Mike Sackton: Oh i'm mohandas Gandhi.
Mike Sackton: haha you're right i'm looking at a Sunday.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because there's a button.
Eric Rosenbaum: There yeah.
Mike Sackton: Because there's a box there's a big red box I forgot that and Twitter was.
kate: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking you guys are all crazy that's not last.
Mike Sackton: So should we skip ahead to I mean.
Mike Sackton: I want to set up with, like all the translations he needs to tell him to see if he can figure out what is going on, but wait for tomorrow, he needs a good night's sleep first.
Right.
Mike Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: As you are.
Timothy Sackton: As you are heading out to speak with.
Timothy Sackton: kale Calais, how I wish will be the last thing we do tonight i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Art and like comes up it's like oh I I.
Timothy Sackton: You had asked for this, and I know in the um the excitement.
Timothy Sackton: I forgot, and maybe you forgot as well, but.
Timothy Sackton: The the scroll that that cardone and found that sent him off to to Dubai.
Timothy Sackton: I had a copy made for you.
Timothy Sackton: If you would like it to the school.
Timothy Sackton: read it at your at your leisure and I again thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you for everything, and if there's any other I know there's other information you want, and I.
Timothy Sackton: I will get what I can, as soon as I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we looking at this role.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But where's.
Mike Sackton: The link in the zoom chat.
Mike Sackton: garden Carson more than a few treasures of the ancient age magic from drink or itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: between two and five.
Mike Sackton: More than a few certainly sounds like three to me.
Mike Sackton: When.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this letter from.
Mike Sackton: dated from.
Timothy Sackton: This is a copy of an undated letter.
Mike Sackton: When did ravens hold fall.
Mike Sackton: didn't we kind of know that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We had some we also have like a hobgoblin diary or some stuff right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that was that was not the death moon clan that was.
Timothy Sackton: That was when ravens holders reoccupied.
Timothy Sackton: That was the What were they called.
Timothy Sackton: Well reserved, but no, because the death moon clan was the one that drove for family out of ravens hold to begin with, this is the great wall.
kate: Right, so my excellent memory for Torben history timelines, which of course I have because i'm a dwarf tells me that.
Timothy Sackton: there's like 200 years ago.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like the Great War, the war against Jamaat all of that stuff.
Mike Sackton: So he's the Leader that's right here.
Mike Sackton: yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: I even went back in my old notes to find what the name of the hobgoblin tribe was.
Mike Sackton: So we're supposed to remember this from high school that we fought the destiny.
Timothy Sackton: not supposed to remember it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So they sent.
Eric Rosenbaum: The magic items to DARPA for safekeeping during the war.
Mike Sackton: Apparently.
Eric Rosenbaum: or or somewhere else.
Mike Sackton: or probably elbow I.
Mike Sackton: My guess is that it went further than DARPA.
Mike Sackton: The Great Wall was so disruptive i'm sure even.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know you are trapped in their shadow realm.
Timothy Sackton: You have no clue what happened in.
Mike Sackton: I wasn't trapped in a shadow realm that was at the end of the great war.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's true.
Mike Sackton: i'm just i'm just out of game just.
Timothy Sackton: Say okay.
Mike Sackton: The Great War I mean I seem to recall undead armies sweeping across donmar and some sort of group of adventurers accidentally killing the the horse or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: tim's always wanted to do stuff in a warrior I think.
let's go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Deep with to.
Mike Sackton: seek even a war yeah we could get to a malware crossover.
Mike Sackton: get them to come down South and help us find something.
Mike Sackton: In a sneaky.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: After glancing at this goal and preparing.
Timothy Sackton: You know, making sure it go vr is settled.
Timothy Sackton: Taking a leave of art and you had across the great Plaza to.
Timothy Sackton: The temple where you are ushered into.
Timothy Sackton: The private dining chambers of the head priest of head priestess of toker the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: commander of the city um Calais.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of like gives you all a slight bow and offers up a prayer to sonkar for them.
Timothy Sackton: The blessing of what discussions may come.
Timothy Sackton: And sal's.
Timothy Sackton: Please.
Timothy Sackton: set.
Timothy Sackton: cannot promise the best food as food is still short here but.
Timothy Sackton: We will at least.
Timothy Sackton: Go at least eat our fail and I help.
Timothy Sackton: come to some.
Timothy Sackton: Common Ground as to what has to be done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we certainly appreciate the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The gifts of your of your table.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While dough was cooking is quite excellent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you've been grateful to be here and to grow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I suppose one question for you clap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is now that there has been some time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: created through our messaging with Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do you intend to try to understand the will of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: I had hoped that your order cancer would.
Timothy Sackton: provide some insight into that.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to be on a mission from the gods themselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, indeed.
Timothy Sackton: That will bring some resolution.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to one where we expected them to come back.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't have like a super exact date because they were.
Timothy Sackton: You know they didn't have a exact clear like this is exactly what we're doing but sometime in the next.
Timothy Sackton: Week.
Timothy Sackton: You would think.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a bit longer maybe 10 days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, what happens if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, different signs are interpreted will there be war, what can we do to prevent war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rem.
Timothy Sackton: worry of the same thing.
Timothy Sackton: A small mistake can.
Timothy Sackton: trigger a great evil.
Timothy Sackton: And I must admit I do not know how to stop a war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I certainly trusts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My brothers and sisters at the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tackle with integrity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe you are a person of integrity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: window, from what I know of Sarah they seem to be a person of integrity as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think we had intended to become diplomats here but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm optimistic that people with good character and desire to what bloodshed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can arrive at such a place.
Timothy Sackton: I would dearly love to speak with speaker law, I must admit.
Timothy Sackton: I hope I pray.
Timothy Sackton: Things will hold.
Timothy Sackton: until she returns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: I would ask you have another monitor that has troubled me greatly, this afternoon, and that is these werewolves.
Timothy Sackton: 13 dead are you sure that has all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Mike Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We cannot be sure there may be more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What they're.
Timothy Sackton: where they came from and what their goal was for.
Timothy Sackton: This would be a great evil to spread in the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: appears that may have been their goal precisely their goal to spread that evil within the city.
Mike Sackton: There was many papers scroll covered from them.
and
Mike Sackton: Much how under much they were quite focused on the calendar August 1.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was a date of great importance.
Timothy Sackton: full moon.
Mike Sackton: We.
Mike Sackton: cannot not tell you exactly their plan, although i'm hoping go here, and the other archivists may be able to help decipher some of their.
scrolls and intentions.
Mike Sackton: What do you know if the word.
north of the city.
Ancient drink Korean one.
Timothy Sackton: historian.
Timothy Sackton: It was.
Timothy Sackton: place people do not try.
Timothy Sackton: said to be a dark place have.
Timothy Sackton: Bad dreams and.
Timothy Sackton: Evil thoughts.
Mike Sackton: I think that place was their goal, I think it's hallway to them in some way.
Timothy Sackton: Or was.
Timothy Sackton: rumors of.
Timothy Sackton: I was telling your companion kenzo of rumors the last time, there were like can throw ups in the city and I asked my ad varney to.
Timothy Sackton: look up some records, while you're gone and it isn't good the case that, at least according to the records, we have that.
Timothy Sackton: Some hundred and.
Timothy Sackton: hundred odd or more years ago.
Timothy Sackton: She would tell you the exact date I just don't remember it in my notes um, but it was like before it was like during the second hobgoblin were right after.
Timothy Sackton: There was a battle against some group called the fraternity of the empty moon or associated with.
Timothy Sackton: Like entropy and they were driven off.
Timothy Sackton: And the fort marked.
Timothy Sackton: and protected.
Timothy Sackton: But, over time, I guess that.
Timothy Sackton: The importance of such Defense fell into.
Timothy Sackton: legend.
Timothy Sackton: The watch was no longer kept.
Timothy Sackton: hundred years ago, or more.
Timothy Sackton: And no rumor of such things, since then.
Timothy Sackton: Could they be related.
Timothy Sackton: To this fraternity of the empty moon.
Mike Sackton: They what do they call themselves in the scroll they send this.
Mike Sackton: They did say something about an empty moon right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I think they've.
Mike Sackton: come here for some.
Mike Sackton: Great purpose.
Mike Sackton: It seems like whatever they were trying to do, called for 13.
Mike Sackton: participants and.
Mike Sackton: There are 13 dead.
Mike Sackton: So I at least hope they've been.
decimated, if not completely destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: Well, watch will be kept.
Timothy Sackton: We will send troops to this Fort.
Timothy Sackton: I will also talk with alien in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps them.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps the charge aronian mages could investigate as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: investigate what.
Timothy Sackton: The fourth.
Timothy Sackton: place where these we're.
Timothy Sackton: Going the.
Timothy Sackton: must now if there's.
Timothy Sackton: This thread is ended, or if there is more dangerous out there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): said the werewolves came from the West.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She thought that I gave last year.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was given that they may have come from.
kate: They come from the east.
kate: A stronghold of wearables in the East.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know I alien alien trust Russa.
Timothy Sackton: charter Indians are.
Timothy Sackton: There are people.
Timothy Sackton: They are not you know just chart Armenians.
Timothy Sackton: Failure failure and trust Sri sai would trust her as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I kind of glances his companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe we could do some investigating of the fort.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Part of our goal is to head north.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's another school of thought that says, the best thing we can do with this map is to destroy it before anyone figures out how to read it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe some places aren't meant to be found.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is well be speaking well be the are you okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You were bitten by one of the werewolves right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I you know, I was, I was was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It seems to have infected me with sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tragic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: optimistically we've halted whatever plan was a foot.
kate: to regroup just one werewolf would be to create a dozen more and reclaim their map.
So point.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does spread doesn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: wondering if if those if that group of 13 created that whole tunnel network.
Eric Rosenbaum: How long that had been they're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): watching they're great question.
Mike Sackton: It would be good to know something of the history here, especially.
Mike Sackton: Given their connections to others out east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually kayla this would be a strong i'm not sure if he's investigating this, but there must be a history of who own that building.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long live and they managed to excavate, who was the front there the identity of East of the 13 wearables we must be able to some investigators in the city, must be able to figure that out when she's so.
Timothy Sackton: Much of the northern part of the city was.
Timothy Sackton: have been abandoned for some time, until this latest influx of refugees.
Timothy Sackton: To be honest, if.
Timothy Sackton: These.
Timothy Sackton: 13 people came say this past winter without.
Timothy Sackton: The famine and the thousands upon thousands of refugees piling into the city.
Timothy Sackton: They would have stood out.
But.
Timothy Sackton: Many, many of those buildings in that neighborhood have been recently claimed by squatters and.
Timothy Sackton: Poor folks with little outs.
Timothy Sackton: especially after the latest.
Timothy Sackton: The horse plague.
Timothy Sackton: That impoverished many of the families of the of the East.
Timothy Sackton: there's almost no way to say who.
Timothy Sackton: Who was there there's just too many there's no.
Timothy Sackton: People settle in abandoned buildings and make them their own.
Timothy Sackton: And there are so many refugees now so many poor trying to scratch are to living in that.
Timothy Sackton: Part of town I.
Timothy Sackton: They just blend in with the masses yeah I don't think there's much I could do.
it's understandable.
it's.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty lucky for them to.
Timothy Sackton: comment, a time of such great in flux.
Mike Sackton: Was luck.
Why do you say that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gas.
Mike Sackton: Gas but.
Timothy Sackton: I thought it was these beasts that we're.
Timothy Sackton: Driving all the people.
Timothy Sackton: To tell cry at werewolves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, presumably, it was the same fall of the defenses in the East, which allowed the haney be sin and allowed the werewolves to sneak into and hide themselves among the refugees.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: The werewolves.
Mike Sackton: The werewolves I think may have been.
Mike Sackton: In some fashion involves the creation of the Hyena.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's really too bad we can interrogate the gas.
Timothy Sackton: you're muted.
Mike Sackton: We can't hear you calling him muted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was was brain.
dead.
Timothy Sackton: body, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: We yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah there's not.
Mike Sackton: One of her like work lieutenants delon the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Do we eat today oh there's an orc that's still in the mirror.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, I don't think that's hers though I think that.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: No, no, do everybody in the mirror except the top goblin.
Mike Sackton: First hobgoblin wizard was hers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Meaning that she captured them yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: um.
But.
Mike Sackton: The chaos.
Mike Sackton: It makes me nervous that this group of werewolves could be so.
Mike Sackton: organized and planned and funded to hatch a plot that involves.
Mike Sackton: A scroll that allowed Tina beasts to be created just that there'd be refugees, just so they could sneak into the city.
Mike Sackton: But it.
Mike Sackton: Does all fit.
Timothy Sackton: That is what happened, then we must have some way of ensuring that.
Timothy Sackton: There are none left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With today's date.
Timothy Sackton: The second July 2.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when's the next full moon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: August 1.
Timothy Sackton: Tonight well the the full moon like peak of the full moon is tonight the next one, after this is August 1.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The peak of the full moon is tonight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah does anybody know if that means that the werewolves are gonna be out tonight, they will be one day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Timothy Sackton: Danny last.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: color would not, it would not make sense for us immediately to push your guard down into the city and just do a do sweeps to see and make sure that there's no other way well tonight.
Timothy Sackton: I will send an urgent message to.
Timothy Sackton: amanda alien.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps he can.
Timothy Sackton: organize patrols, we do not have a.
Timothy Sackton: not have enough temple guards to patrol the entire city.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fortunately, ordinary weapons are loose against them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is also true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds of like sighs deeply.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I really was looking forward to an evening of rest as for after the health today but glancing at the campaign and pagans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps after dinner, maybe may have to engage in a evening of reconnaissance.
Eric Rosenbaum: The powers of drained.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): could engage and you can sleep and then just head out when people start dying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rest.
kate: Have a longer lasting.
kate: Go out what the moon, is still full at 3am.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the minimum duration or.
Timothy Sackton: eight eight hours.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you're down with, in which case it's four hours.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's funny I keep thinking about that August 1 date.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): August 1 a year ago was my last day and some bar on the second left funny coincidence that it would be a year's the day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps you're aware happening on the full moon serious it turns from halfway into a different ethnic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You do have more sense tonight at dinner that's for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um perhaps we should get some rest and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: After we get some rest go control the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good evening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think so, and tomorrow, good looking for something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tomorrow we go look for soccer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stop at the monastery first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: collette I think it would be most wise for us to finish our meal and get some rest, so that we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do our best to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: root out any additional werewolves that may be in the city, this evening, if there's any evidence of them and, as we said, and as you said, to take whatever temple guard or whatever troops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Particularly if they're already spell casters or any any with some magical items as you, as you may be aware of the the werewolves are are impervious to normal weapons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps we would do well to have the city on high alert tonight and search for any additional evidence for wolves.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Fear if there was many more if there is many more of them there's little armies could do except RON and.
Timothy Sackton: Find help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we are the help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It would seem.
Timothy Sackton: We can at least patrol.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: patrol and if there's a way she have some kind of a signal or a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: scream loudly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then, maybe we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rally any disturbance.
Timothy Sackton: or seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be many problems be setting toker these days and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One at a time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tonight's the wearables.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I was just going to say I appreciate.
Timothy Sackton: All you have done to.
Timothy Sackton: To address so many of these problems and.
Timothy Sackton: I know you have your own.
Timothy Sackton: goals as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our goals align.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You share the same goal.
Timothy Sackton: Let us see what the night brings and if we can.
Timothy Sackton: If we can make it past.
Timothy Sackton: We can make it past the next couple of days without any sign of wealth, perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps we can.
Timothy Sackton: Trust that they're dead.
Timothy Sackton: Go get some rest.
Timothy Sackton: Let me know.
Timothy Sackton: If you find anything.
Timothy Sackton: And again, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: So, as they enter wraps up she.
Timothy Sackton: You head back to your.
Timothy Sackton: rooms wherever you're staying the monastery the in.
Timothy Sackton: And the plan is to take a long rest and then like get up at three in the morning and.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think so.
Timothy Sackton: i'd.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably go right to it in.
Mike Sackton: sleep so yeah yeah yeah.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So let's end here, you feel free to all take a long rest.
Timothy Sackton: Thank goodness, since you badly need that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What a day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My three sessions.
Timothy Sackton: hear me well pick up at 3am next time, as you awake to the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): screen.
Timothy Sackton: sleeping city.
Eric Rosenbaum: or whatever it may bring as we awake to the peaceful silence.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of all being thoroughly Well, yes.
Timothy Sackton: It could be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright scheduling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: schedule, yes.